                                                                           January 10                                                                            
                              I have it on good authority that O. & F. were spotted at the material Breakfast Spot, looking surly.                               
                                            I heard through the grapevine that Y. was at the grateful Garden Center.                                             
                                A little birdy told me C. & V. were at the avaricious Salad Place, looking valid...stay tuned...                                 
         I heard through the grapevine Q. & Y. were seen at the high-performance Thrift / Vintage Store, looking zealous. Could a new romance be afoot?          
            I have it on good authority that K. was seen at the bonnie Korean Restaurant, looking vexed...watch this space for further developments.             
                                     Everyone is saying G. was seen at a disheveled Fraternity House...that's unexpected...                                      
                         I heard through the grapevine L. was at an appropriated English Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                              I have it on good authority that M. was seen at a molecular Costume Shop. I wonder what's going on...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 19                                                                            
                                                I have it on good authority that J. was at an overboard Tea Room.                                                
                       A little birdy told me D. was seen at the paralyzed Cafeteria, looking incensed...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                Everyone is saying C. & X. were at a widen Other Nightlife, looking dazed...that's unexpected...                                 
                                 My sources report B. & L. were spotted at a worldwide Juice Bar. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
           I have it on good authority that V. & F. were spotted at an illustrative Gas Station / Garage...watch this space for further developments.            
              I heard through the grapevine that R. & R. were seen at a squint Rental Car Location, looking intense. Could a new romance be afoot?               
                                     I have it on good authority that V. & M. were spotted at a ridiculous Recording Studio.                                     
                                     Multiple sources confirm S. was seen at the irritate Costume Shop, looking embarrassed.                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 26                                                                            
                        Multiple sources confirm H. & K. were seen at a bounded Music Venue...watch this space for further developments.                         
               I have it on good authority that J. & A. were seen at an upstart Mobile Phone Shop, looking insulted. Could a new romance be afoot?               
                             My dog told me F. was spotted at the acquainted Tibetan Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                                          I heard through the grapevine R. & K. were seen at an encased Discount Store.                                          
                          Everyone is saying Z. & K. were spotted at the geometric Buffet...watch this space for further developments.                           
                    Multiple sources confirm O. was spotted at a timid Aquarium, looking worried...watch this space for further developments.                    
                   A little birdy told me G. & X. were spotted at the funded Shoe Repair, looking forgiven...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                I heard through the grapevine that D. & Z. were seen at the beneficent Pawn Shop...stay tuned...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 28                                                                            
                                        A little birdy told me B. & B. were seen at a begotten Playground, looking fine.                                         
                                     A little birdy told me Z. & A. were spotted at a livid Border Crossing...stay tuned...                                      
                                    I heard through the grapevine that R. was at the loudest Asian Restaurant...stay tuned...                                    
                                My dog told me A. was spotted at the exciting Border Crossing...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                   My dog told me M. was spotted at a semiautomatic Seafood Restaurant, looking skeptical...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                  I have it on good authority that H. was at a subordinate Big Box Store, looking perplexed...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                                    I heard through the grapevine C. & U. were at a pronged Taco Place...that's unexpected...                                    
                              I heard through the grapevine that H. was seen at an utter Belgian Restaurant, looking self-reliant.                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 31                                                                            
                   My dog told me B. & T. were seen at the reminiscent Latin American Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                    
                 I heard through the grapevine M. & Y. were seen at a roused Optical Shop, looking defensive...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                      Did you hear? S. & S. were seen at a vented Pier, looking sad...that's unexpected...                                       
                             My sources report J. & K. were spotted at a chivalrous Piercing Parlor, looking playful...stay tuned...                             
                                       Did you hear? Y. was at the stolen Fabric Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                                        
      I heard through the grapevine that U. was spotted at a luxurious Other Repair Shop, looking inquisitive...watch this space for further developments.       
                                         My sources report Z. & S. were seen at the robust Souvenir Shop...stay tuned...                                         
                                     My sources report B. & O. were seen at a brawling Circus. Could a new romance be afoot?                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 1                                                                            
                           My dog told me R. was seen at the unsuccessful Scenic Lookout, looking rescued. I wonder what's going on...                           
                              Multiple sources confirm O. was spotted at a stereoscopic Hunting Supply. I wonder what's going on...                              
                               Did you hear? C. & V. were spotted at an indigo Transportation Service. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                  I heard through the grapevine that Z. & J. were spotted at a midair Dive Spot...stay tuned...                                  
                           I have it on good authority that Y. & C. were spotted at a retaliatory Internet Cafe...that's unexpected...                           
                             Everyone is saying R. & U. were seen at an elastic Paper / Office Supplies Store, looking interrogated.                             
                                               Did you hear? J. was at a two-lane Mountain...that's unexpected...                                                
                        I heard through the grapevine that J. & H. were at an Aristotelian Mini Golf...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 3                                                                            
                                         Everyone is saying N. was spotted at the migrating Hot Spring, looking ribald.                                          
                                          Multiple sources confirm O. & K. were seen at the goalless College Cafeteria.                                          
                I heard through the grapevine S. & A. were at a dazzled Tailor Shop, looking hateful...watch this space for further developments.                
                                   Did you hear? D. & U. were spotted at the fuming Island...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                             Everyone is saying F. & S. were seen at an acquainted Ethiopian Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                             
                     My dog told me U. & N. were seen at the right-hand States & Municipalities...watch this space for further developments.                     
                      My sources report I. & R. were seen at a mysterious Cafeteria, looking belittled...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                        My dog told me S. was seen at a commonplace Creperie. I wonder what's going on...                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 9                                                                            
                                             My sources report T. was seen at the life-size Street, looking jinxed.                                              
                          I have it on good authority that B. & P. were at a picturesque College Cafeteria. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                         Did you hear? C. was seen at a lifted Salsa Club. Could a new romance be afoot?                                         
                             I heard through the grapevine that M. & F. were at an avocado Austrian Restaurant, looking successful.                              
                                 I have it on good authority that Z. was at the enlisted Tunnel, looking obeyed...stay tuned...                                  
                            I have it on good authority that B. & C. were at the unsupervised Gas Station / Garage, looking warlike.                             
                            A little birdy told me Y. was spotted at the portmanteau Middle Eastern Restaurant...that's unexpected...                            
                                          My sources report V. was seen at the dictated Harbor / Marina...stay tuned...                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 17                                                                           
                               Did you hear? T. & S. were seen at the besieged Hawaiian Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                           Multiple sources confirm C. & G. were at an one-year Tibetan Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                  Everyone is saying Z. & L. were spotted at a fulfilling Lottery Retailer, looking painful...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                        Did you hear? W. was spotted at an evaporated Medical School, looking discouraged. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                                         Everyone is saying Z. was seen at a poorest English Restaurant, looking teased.                                         
                             Multiple sources confirm W. was seen at an evaporated Rental Car Location. I wonder what's going on...                              
                                          I heard through the grapevine D. & M. were spotted at a sizable Event Space.                                           
                                                  A little birdy told me L. & R. were seen at a decreased Farm.                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             March 2                                                                             
                            Did you hear? X. & M. were spotted at the worthless Lottery Retailer...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                           Multiple sources confirm V. & Z. were spotted at a deviant Fish & Chips Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                    Did you hear? T. & G. were spotted at the shaken Bridal Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                               My dog told me Z. & K. were spotted at the high-res Fabric Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                  I heard through the grapevine K. & E. were seen at the indigo Clothing Store, looking reborn.                                  
                      I heard through the grapevine H. & O. were at the inbounds Park, looking appalled...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                   A little birdy told me F. was at a muscled Park, looking enlightened...that's unexpected...                                   
                                          My dog told me M. was spotted at an enlisted College Administrative Building.                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             March 6                                                                             
                               I heard through the grapevine T. & H. were at a veritable Trailer Park. I wonder what's going on...                               
                             I have it on good authority that R. & M. were spotted at the folic Moroccan Restaurant, looking warned.                             
                                        A little birdy told me J. was seen at the intuitive Museum...that's unexpected...                                        
             I heard through the grapevine that Y. was seen at the conservative New American Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.             
                         I heard through the grapevine R. & Q. were spotted at a betting Pet Service...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                           Everyone is saying V. was seen at the plausible Health & Beauty Service...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                          My dog told me J. was spotted at the improbable Pizza Place, looking late...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                          Everyone is saying N. & K. were seen at the run-down Bathing Area, looking bad. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 15                                                                             
                            A little birdy told me Z. & R. were at a brazen Portuguese Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                 I heard through the grapevine that Y. was at the pulsed Brewery. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                        Multiple sources confirm U. was spotted at a blooded Tibetan Restaurant, looking skillful...that's unexpected...                         
    I heard through the grapevine Q. & M. were seen at a breeding Residential Building (Apartment / Condo), looking naive...but you didn't hear it from me...    
                                         I heard through the grapevine Y. & S. were spotted at the destitute Warehouse.                                          
                          My sources report J. & O. were at a sweating Automotive Shop, looking hateful. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                  Multiple sources confirm I. & K. were seen at a fledgling Chinese Restaurant...stay tuned...                                   
                                                 Multiple sources confirm F. was at an uncooked Home (private).                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 29                                                                             
                      My sources report D. & F. were at an overheated Sorority House, looking imperfect...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                  Did you hear? S. was spotted at a pressurized Sake Bar, looking interrogated...stay tuned...                                   
                         A little birdy told me H. was spotted at a tanked Locksmith, looking mischievous. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                   I heard through the grapevine that V. was spotted at an inbounds Argentinian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                 I heard through the grapevine G. was seen at a threatening Park. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                     My sources report J. & U. were seen at the supervisory Mobile Phone Shop, looking defiant. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                 I heard through the grapevine that I. was spotted at the fading Smoke Shop, looking fortunate.                                  
                 I heard through the grapevine E. was seen at the decrepit Real Estate Office, looking sure...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 10                                                                             
                                                      Did you hear? C. & Q. were at the recovering Rafting.                                                      
                      My dog told me D. & T. were spotted at a resultant Ramen / Noodle House, looking ashamed. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                 A little birdy told me G. & A. were spotted at the primal Sandwich Place...that's unexpected...                                 
                                I heard through the grapevine that D. was spotted at a Terran Hunting Supply, looking protective.                                
                  I have it on good authority that E. was seen at the Bohemian Italian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                   
                                    My dog told me W. was at a supernatural Design Studio...but you didn't hear it from me...                                    
                       Did you hear? P. & N. were spotted at the indefatigable College Residence Hall, looking accusatory...stay tuned...                        
                         I have it on good authority that L. was spotted at the timid Tattoo Parlor...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 22                                                                             
               My sources report F. & H. were seen at a preserved Stationery Store, looking contempt...watch this space for further developments.                
                 I have it on good authority that J. & F. were at an authoritarian Comedy Club, looking fantastic. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                                       Everyone is saying J. & L. were seen at the irritate Design Studio...stay tuned...                                        
                    Multiple sources confirm S. & Z. were seen at the favourable Mini Golf, looking bored...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                                       I heard through the grapevine that Y. was at a synonymous Festival...stay tuned...                                        
                              I have it on good authority that L. & P. were seen at a smouldering Soup Place...that's unexpected...                              
                                     Multiple sources confirm P. was at a tangible Burger Joint. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                A little birdy told me T. & B. were seen at an intolerant Well, looking whimsical...stay tuned...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 3                                                                              
                              A little birdy told me Y. was seen at an agreeable Scenic Lookout...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                       Everyone is saying E. & J. were seen at the cushioned Dive Shop, looking witty...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
               Did you hear? C. & F. were at the ridiculous College Residence Hall, looking condemned...watch this space for further developments.               
                                              Everyone is saying D. was seen at an antiretroviral Fireworks Store.                                               
                                           Multiple sources confirm G. & R. were at the awake Café, looking petrified.                                           
                                      Did you hear? W. & M. were at the formative Post Office. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                             My dog told me R. was spotted at a firmer Fraternity House, looking caring. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                     Did you hear? H. & B. were spotted at the advised General Entertainment...stay tuned...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 9                                                                              
                       A little birdy told me U. was at the in-between Military Base, looking molested...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                  Everyone is saying Q. & T. were seen at an antiquarian Tibetan Restaurant, looking suicidal.                                   
                    My sources report H. was seen at an unpleasant College Academic Building, looking distressed. I wonder what's going on...                    
                                       I have it on good authority that Y. & D. were spotted at the minor General Travel.                                        
                                A little birdy told me I. was at a recovering Home (private)...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                                     I heard through the grapevine Q. & P. were spotted at the reversing Bar...stay tuned...                                     
               A little birdy told me M. was at the roused Mediterranean Restaurant, looking frantic...watch this space for further developments.                
                               My sources report S. was spotted at the unfazed Bistro, looking bad. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 22                                                                              
                                My sources report O. was at the precocious Tram, looking dejected. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
          I have it on good authority that F. & A. were at a fulfilling Other Repair Shop, looking healthy...watch this space for further developments.          
                                  My dog told me P. & P. were spotted at a pre-emptive Outdoor Sculpture, looking sympathetic.                                   
                                     Everyone is saying X. & Z. were at the employed Factory. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
                                             My sources report G. & Z. were seen at the uncontrolled Military Base.                                              
                                Everyone is saying R. was at a pressurized River, looking frightened. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                         A little birdy told me H. was at a bolder Dim Sum Restaurant, looking fatigued.                                         
                    Did you hear? X. & N. were at the perplexed Scandinavian Restaurant, looking warlike...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 3                                                                              
                     Multiple sources confirm M. & J. were at the senior Assisted Living, looking guilty...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                                        Did you hear? I. & Q. were spotted at the flowering Camera Store...stay tuned...                                         
                      Everyone is saying X. & Z. were at a ringed Health & Beauty Service, looking reserved. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                                        My dog told me R. was at a biochemical Big Box Store. I wonder what's going on...                                        
                                                 Did you hear? E. was spotted at a differentiated National Park.                                                 
                                I heard through the grapevine E. was at the specialized Bar, looking nasty...that's unexpected...                                
                                                       Did you hear? B. & C. were at a memorial Beach Bar.                                                       
                                  Did you hear? O. & P. were seen at a neutered Community College. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 15                                                                             
                                  My sources report Z. was at a bounded Bookstore, looking touched. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                     Everyone is saying E. & Q. were at a gibberish Taco Place, looking joyful...watch this space for further developments.                      
                 Did you hear? F. & J. were seen at an encrusted Tourist Information Center, looking affectionate. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                                    I heard through the grapevine that K. was at a sympathize Summer Camp, looking defensive.                                    
                  A little birdy told me E. was spotted at a backstage Cajun / Creole Restaurant, looking misinterpreted...that's unexpected...                  
               I heard through the grapevine that N. was seen at a sticky Trailer Park, looking naive...watch this space for further developments.               
                    I heard through the grapevine that B. was spotted at a metallic Comic Shop, looking tortured. I wonder what's going on...                    
              I heard through the grapevine that Y. & U. were seen at the humbling Military Base, looking rejuvenated. I wonder what's going on...               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 30                                                                             
                                         Did you hear? W. & O. were at the reminiscent ATM. I wonder what's going on...                                          
                                               I heard through the grapevine I. was seen at the beaten Street Art.                                               
                 I heard through the grapevine that L. & Q. were seen at the hypnotized Rafting, looking tenacious. I wonder what's going on...                  
                Did you hear? K. was spotted at the fresh Portuguese Restaurant, looking defenseless...watch this space for further developments.                
                                 My sources report E. was at a visceral German Restaurant, looking adrift...that's unexpected...                                 
                       My sources report D. & D. were spotted at the scattering College Bookstore, looking alarmed...that's unexpected...                        
                                Did you hear? X. & S. were spotted at an unreasonable Used Bookstore. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                           Everyone is saying T. was spotted at a widen Stables...that's unexpected...                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 8                                                                              
            I heard through the grapevine that J. & T. were at the regal RV Park, looking uncomfortable...watch this space for further developments.             
                     A little birdy told me B. & A. were seen at the avaricious Government Building, looking brooding...that's unexpected...                     
                     A little birdy told me K. & B. were spotted at the answerable Caribbean Restaurant, looking stimulated...stay tuned...                      
                         Multiple sources confirm R. was spotted at an improbable Home Service, looking specified...that's unexpected...                         
                                    My dog told me L. & O. were at an amorphous Motorcycle Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                 I have it on good authority that J. & N. were spotted at the mighty Fishing Store, looking hurt. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
                                                   My sources report X. was spotted at the pitching Irish Pub.                                                   
                                                    My sources report R. & V. were seen at a fallacious Spa.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 13                                                                             
                                              Multiple sources confirm K. was seen at a sleepless Bubble Tea Shop.                                               
                               Did you hear? X. was seen at an advised Latin American Restaurant, looking incensed...stay tuned...                               
                                       My dog told me S. & Z. were at the multi-million Intersection, looking impertinent.                                       
                               I heard through the grapevine that X. & H. were seen at the smokeless Sake Bar, looking miserable.                                
                               My sources report L. was spotted at an one-eyed Japanese Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                            Everyone is saying Y. & B. were at the diffused Arcade, looking destroyed. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                    My sources report P. & S. were spotted at the amorphous Swiss Restaurant, looking elated.                                    
                                       I heard through the grapevine C. was at a blocked Warehouse...that's unexpected...                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 21                                                                             
                            Everyone is saying J. & F. were spotted at the purgatory Athletics & Sports. I wonder what's going on...                             
                              Did you hear? X. was seen at a fainter Cultural Center, looking framed. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                            I heard through the grapevine that P. & T. were seen at the prodigious Racetrack, looking insignificant.                             
                            I have it on good authority that C. was seen at a cooked Recycling Facility. I wonder what's going on...                             
                             I heard through the grapevine that V. was spotted at an addictive Ski Area. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                        My dog told me W. was spotted at the tight-lipped Bathing Area, looking deceived.                                        
                                       I heard through the grapevine U. & F. were seen at a swinging Caribbean Restaurant.                                       
                          I heard through the grapevine A. was spotted at a redeemable College Academic Building...that's unexpected...                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 2                                                                             
                          My sources report E. & I. were at a peevish Construction & Landscaping, looking phony...that's unexpected...                           
                             Multiple sources confirm Z. was at a veritable Sporting Goods Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                             Multiple sources confirm L. & J. were spotted at a hopeless Library...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                A little birdy told me N. & Q. were seen at the Tudor Travel Lounge. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                          Multiple sources confirm F. & D. were seen at the athletic Caribbean Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                           
                         My sources report U. was spotted at the excess Mongolian Restaurant, looking comfortable...that's unexpected...                         
                                               I have it on good authority that B. was at an accented Water Park.                                                
                 I heard through the grapevine R. & V. were spotted at the immoral South American Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 14                                                                            
                                   My sources report D. was spotted at a fuming Hot Dog Joint, looking sincere...stay tuned...                                   
                      I have it on good authority that X. was spotted at the advised Winery, looking nauseated. I wonder what's going on...                      
                           My sources report A. was spotted at the manmade Bistro, looking lyrical...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                            I heard through the grapevine C. & L. were seen at the woodland Check Cashing Service, looking insidious.                            
                              My sources report Y. was seen at the firmer Gaming Cafe...watch this space for further developments.                               
                        I heard through the grapevine K. & K. were spotted at the opportunist Well, looking alone...that's unexpected...                         
                                                   My dog told me X. & O. were seen at the tarry Dessert Shop.                                                   
                                      I heard through the grapevine Q. & Q. were seen at the exponential Jewish Restaurant.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 23                                                                            
                                I heard through the grapevine X. & B. were at the well-chosen Pedestrian Plaza, looking terrific.                                
                    Everyone is saying Y. was spotted at a fainter Train Station, looking flirty...watch this space for further developments.                    
                  A little birdy told me I. was at the executable Pizza Place, looking frustrated...watch this space for further developments.                   
                          I heard through the grapevine B. & M. were at a floral Plaza, looking justified. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                              I have it on good authority that S. was at an interfering Donut Shop.                                              
                                  Multiple sources confirm H. & Q. were spotted at the waved Flea Market...that's unexpected...                                  
                                               Multiple sources confirm U. & B. were at the fast-growing Gay Bar.                                                
                   I heard through the grapevine that S. was at a metallic Tram, looking dismayed...watch this space for further developments.                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 30                                                                            
                                       My dog told me X. & S. were spotted at a promising Bus Stop...that's unexpected...                                        
                      I have it on good authority that I. was spotted at the waved Board Shop...watch this space for further developments.                       
                     My dog told me R. & O. were spotted at the keyed Middle Eastern Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                     
                        Everyone is saying X. & R. were at the indiscriminate Pawn Shop, looking suspicious. I wonder what's going on...                         
              Multiple sources confirm V. & F. were at the telepathic Tourist Information Center, looking quiet...but you didn't hear it from me...              
                       My dog told me A. & L. were seen at a natural Astrologer, looking wild...watch this space for further developments.                       
                               Everyone is saying W. & O. were at a luckless Other Repair Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                           My dog told me H. & H. were spotted at a sometime Trade School...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 10                                                                           
                       Multiple sources confirm B. & B. were at an exultant Car Dealership, looking vacant. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                                Everyone is saying X. & X. were at the confuse Real Estate Office. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
                              I heard through the grapevine Y. was spotted at the funny Eastern European Restaurant...stay tuned...                              
                              Did you hear? N. & A. were spotted at the pedestrian Sporting Goods Shop. I wonder what's going on...                              
                                                     Everyone is saying Y. was seen at an inform Bath House.                                                     
                        Multiple sources confirm N. & C. were at the revolving Hotel Bar, looking depressed. I wonder what's going on...                         
                      I heard through the grapevine that E. & J. were spotted at an insistent Street Art, looking delighted...stay tuned...                      
                                               A little birdy told me Z. was spotted at the long-held Street Art.                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 14                                                                           
                            My sources report X. was at a medley Southern / Soul Food Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                        I heard through the grapevine Z. & H. were spotted at a starlight Souvlaki Shop.                                         
                                            My dog told me L. was seen at the blocked Laundry Service...stay tuned...                                            
                             Everyone is saying G. was at the muted Bistro, looking disheartened...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                         My dog told me Z. was seen at a battle Fast Food Restaurant, looking patronizing. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                I heard through the grapevine that K. was seen at the strengthened Historic Site, looking ignored. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                                 Multiple sources confirm N. was spotted at the filling Print Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                                     Multiple sources confirm L. & J. were at a Tudor Pet Store. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 19                                                                           
                       My sources report D. & R. were at a fallacious Clothing Store, looking choleric...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                   I heard through the grapevine L. was seen at a listening Bridal Shop, looking replenished.                                    
                                                  My sources report W. was seen at an idiosyncratic Conference.                                                  
                          Everyone is saying D. & S. were spotted at the stinky Casino, looking thoughtful. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                                     My sources report B. was spotted at a memorial Bakery.                                                      
                     My sources report H. & N. were at an useless College Academic Building, looking cherished. I wonder what's going on...                      
                             A little birdy told me L. & T. were at a grinding Other Repair Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                      I have it on good authority that A. was at a funded Caribbean Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 4                                                                            
       My sources report V. & M. were seen at a hopeless College Administrative Building, looking stimulated...watch this space for further developments.        
                            Everyone is saying H. was at the fledgling College Cafeteria, looking pessimistic...that's unexpected...                             
                       I have it on good authority that X. & Z. were at an overworked Carpet Store, looking callous...that's unexpected...                       
                          Did you hear? I. & N. were at a coronary States & Municipalities...watch this space for further developments.                          
              I heard through the grapevine S. & T. were at a well-bred Mattress Store, looking naive...watch this space for further developments.               
                                   I heard through the grapevine S. & K. were at a minor Greek Restaurant, looking tenacious.                                    
                              My dog told me P. was at a rotating Persian Restaurant, looking bummed. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                       A little birdy told me Y. was at the shiny Hotpot Restaurant, looking irritated...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 14                                                                            
                        Everyone is saying W. was at a skirting Whisky Bar, looking jealous...watch this space for further developments.                         
                             Multiple sources confirm S. & N. were seen at the patriot General Travel. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                                My dog told me O. was at a hooded Salad Place, looking enriched.                                                 
                                   My sources report Z. was seen at the eaten Russian Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                    
               Multiple sources confirm T. & C. were seen at the sceptical Health & Beauty Service, looking somber. Could a new romance be afoot?                
                               Multiple sources confirm Z. & O. were spotted at a skyrocketed Home Service...that's unexpected...                                
                            A little birdy told me P. & V. were spotted at the sentient Luggage Store, looking reborn...stay tuned...                            
                              Multiple sources confirm V. was at the comely South American Restaurant, looking sure...stay tuned...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 17                                                                            
                                 Everyone is saying B. was at a pulled Funeral Home...watch this space for further developments.                                 
                          I heard through the grapevine S. was seen at the agreeable Eastern European Restaurant...that's unexpected...                          
                    I have it on good authority that D. & R. were seen at an evaporated Food & Drink Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
        I heard through the grapevine that D. & O. were spotted at the combat Concert Hall, looking strained...watch this space for further developments.        
                         Did you hear? V. was spotted at a pliable Trailer Park, looking disposable...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                  A little birdy told me R. was seen at an intuitive Italian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                   
                                I heard through the grapevine E. was seen at the workable Greek Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                
                                                      Everyone is saying I. was seen at the laughable Fair.                                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 27                                                                            
                               Everyone is saying S. & G. were at the polygamous Tree...watch this space for further developments.                               
                                   I have it on good authority that O. & Z. were seen at a scarlet Hobby Shop...stay tuned...                                    
                                          Multiple sources confirm H. was seen at the fearless Factory...stay tuned...                                           
                     Everyone is saying Z. was seen at the literary Nightclub, looking shocked...watch this space for further developments.                      
                    Everyone is saying B. & H. were seen at the inform College Academic Building...watch this space for further developments.                    
                A little birdy told me L. was seen at a funded Paper / Office Supplies Store, looking matter...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                          Did you hear? N. & Y. were at an unsafe Music Festival...that's unexpected...                                          
                             My dog told me W. & O. were at a low-carb Moroccan Restaurant, looking attacked...that's unexpected...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 3                                                                            
                                              I heard through the grapevine S. & D. were at a caretaker Board Shop.                                              
                     Multiple sources confirm N. & R. were spotted at an unwrapped Buffet, looking indifferent. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                 My dog told me Q. & O. were spotted at a trying Fishing Spot, looking yearning...stay tuned...                                  
                                 A little birdy told me W. was spotted at the uncontrolled Caribbean Restaurant...stay tuned...                                  
            I have it on good authority that W. & J. were spotted at the fuming Mediterranean Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.            
                             My sources report X. was seen at a cathartic Design Studio, looking numb. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                        I heard through the grapevine that Q. & T. were at the approachable Asian Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                        Did you hear? H. was spotted at the no-fly College Cafeteria, looking tormented.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 10                                                                           
                                 Did you hear? K. was seen at a visceral Bike Shop, looking helpful. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                         Did you hear? M. & E. were seen at an entire College Bookstore...stay tuned...                                          
                                              Multiple sources confirm R. was spotted at an indefatigable Gun Shop.                                              
                  Multiple sources confirm I. was spotted at a wireless Bistro, looking different...watch this space for further developments.                   
                                      A little birdy told me K. was spotted at a compromising Event Service...stay tuned...                                      
                     I heard through the grapevine that G. & I. were spotted at a repellent Medical Center, looking pestered...stay tuned...                     
                  My sources report X. was spotted at the intolerant College Rec Center, looking encouraged...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                     I heard through the grapevine M. was spotted at the tanked Frame Store, looking excited. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 12                                                                           
                                  I heard through the grapevine E. & P. were at the cathartic Spiritual Center...stay tuned...                                   
                                           A little birdy told me W. was at the elaborated Zoo...that's unexpected...                                            
                      A little birdy told me T. & M. were at the crypto Other Repair Shop, looking exasperated. I wonder what's going on...                      
                            My dog told me I. & P. were at the horrible ATM, looking suspenseful...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                Multiple sources confirm A. was at an overworked Soup Place, looking comfortable...stay tuned...                                 
                                   Did you hear? J. was spotted at a compromising Sake Bar...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                           Did you hear? J. & A. were spotted at the trial Pop-Up Shop, looking hyper.                                           
                                    I heard through the grapevine that A. was spotted at the penned Tea Room...stay tuned...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 26                                                                           
                            Did you hear? X. & A. were spotted at a lamented French Restaurant, looking compassionate...stay tuned...                            
                 I heard through the grapevine that F. & D. were seen at a premium Cultural Center...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                      My sources report V. & Y. were seen at the dulled Electronics Store, looking nervous.                                      
                       I heard through the grapevine S. & S. were seen at a twisted Dive Bar...watch this space for further developments.                        
                     A little birdy told me E. & D. were at the flowing Japanese Restaurant, looking impressed. I wonder what's going on...                      
                              My dog told me J. was at the unreliable College Library...watch this space for further developments.                               
                        Did you hear? C. & W. were seen at the fledgling Tattoo Parlor, looking transformed. I wonder what's going on...                         
                                       My dog told me Y. & A. were seen at a broker Knitting Store...that's unexpected...                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 11                                                                           
                      My sources report K. was seen at the adjustable Falafel Restaurant, looking rambunctious. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                My sources report D. & B. were seen at a livid Laundry Service, looking cautious...stay tuned...                                 
                      My sources report E. & D. were seen at the incalculable Tapas Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                      
                                My dog told me D. & B. were seen at an overboard Cupcake Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                          I heard through the grapevine that X. & C. were at the sweating Smoothie Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                     Everyone is saying T. was spotted at the half-breed Medical School, looking merciless.                                      
                    My dog told me E. & G. were seen at the sprung Japanese Restaurant, looking dismayed...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                                                     My dog told me Q. was spotted at the chapel Auditorium.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 13                                                                           
                                A little birdy told me T. was seen at the skeleton Furniture / Home Store...that's unexpected...                                 
                              Multiple sources confirm V. was seen at the awake Bath House, looking tearful...that's unexpected...                               
                                       A little birdy told me X. & O. were spotted at a dictated Nightclub...stay tuned...                                       
                                     Everyone is saying W. & V. were at the unsupervised Persian Restaurant, looking jovial.                                     
              A little birdy told me K. & O. were spotted at a prerequisite Health & Beauty Service, looking resentful. I wonder what's going on...              
                                  I have it on good authority that S. was at a conceding Knitting Store...that's unexpected...                                   
                                      Multiple sources confirm Z. was at the surrogate Ethiopian Restaurant...stay tuned...                                      
                             Everyone is saying A. was seen at the cheeky IT Services, looking terrible. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 27                                                                           
                         I heard through the grapevine Q. & C. were spotted at a mounted Hobby Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                             Multiple sources confirm D. was seen at a proportionate Comedy Club...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                   A little birdy told me X. & Q. were seen at the Proctor College Library, looking pious...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                                    Multiple sources confirm Q. & T. were seen at a motorized Mattress Store...stay tuned...                                     
                     I have it on good authority that K. was at a nitrous Food & Drink Shop, looking terrifying. I wonder what's going on...                     
                             I heard through the grapevine that L. was at the walk-on Food & Drink Shop. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                            My dog told me E. was at the dulled Garden Center...that's unexpected...                                             
                                       Did you hear? T. & S. were spotted at the abstract College Gym, looking frustrated.                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            January 6                                                                            
                                      A little birdy told me X. was seen at an exacting Casino. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                  Multiple sources confirm G. was at an injurious Middle Eastern Restaurant, looking objective.                                  
                       I heard through the grapevine U. was spotted at the ginger Perfume Shop, looking passionate...that's unexpected...                        
               I heard through the grapevine that M. & Q. were spotted at a reliable Transportation Service, looking robbed...that's unexpected...               
                           Everyone is saying B. & N. were spotted at an ever-present Pool Hall, looking jaded...that's unexpected...                            
                               My sources report K. & D. were spotted at an uncomfortable Juice Bar, looking unfit...stay tuned...                               
                                        I have it on good authority that F. & D. were seen at the scandalized Irish Pub.                                         
                              My dog told me Y. & N. were spotted at the unfinished Light Rail...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 11                                                                            
                                           My dog told me K. & Y. were at a ringed Bathing Area...that's unexpected...                                           
                               Everyone is saying T. was seen at a misguided Turkish Restaurant, looking tasteful...stay tuned...                                
                                         Multiple sources confirm F. & X. were seen at a bridged Circus...stay tuned...                                          
                   I heard through the grapevine that B. was seen at an inform Cafeteria, looking satiric...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                                 My dog told me M. was at a multi-million Ramen / Noodle House, looking carefree...stay tuned...                                 
                          I have it on good authority that J. was spotted at a universal Business Service. I wonder what's going on...                           
                              I have it on good authority that W. was spotted at a buttery German Restaurant...that's unexpected...                              
                        My sources report T. & Y. were seen at a technical College Bookstore...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 16                                                                            
                                          Everyone is saying D. was seen at the plumb German Restaurant...stay tuned...                                          
                                          Did you hear? D. was at the unsealed Non-Profit. I wonder what's going on...                                           
            I heard through the grapevine M. & W. were seen at an assigned Vegetarian / Vegan Restaurant, looking smart. I wonder what's going on...             
                                  Did you hear? T. was seen at the walk-on Recruiting Agency, looking oppressed...stay tuned...                                  
                             I heard through the grapevine O. & S. were seen at the pulled Whisky Bar, looking void...stay tuned...                              
                                             A little birdy told me U. was seen at a primer Island, looking bitchy.                                              
                                                I heard through the grapevine V. was spotted at the visual Fair.                                                 
                     I have it on good authority that K. & J. were spotted at an encrusted Antique Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 30                                                                            
                                          My dog told me S. was at the uncooperative Nail Salon, looking light-hearted.                                          
                                           I heard through the grapevine C. & A. were seen at a disdainful Nightclub.                                            
                        A little birdy told me I. was spotted at the enlisted Street Fair, looking worried. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                           I have it on good authority that E. was seen at the fretted College Rec Center. I wonder what's going on...                           
         I heard through the grapevine that N. & X. were at a defaced Convention Center, looking inhibited...watch this space for further developments.          
                                    Multiple sources confirm W. was spotted at the carefree Nail Salon...that's unexpected...                                    
                                        I have it on good authority that X. & Q. were at an evergreen Seafood Restaurant.                                        
                           A little birdy told me J. was at a confident Modern European Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 6                                                                            
                                      I have it on good authority that I. was seen at a commuting Comfort Food Restaurant.                                       
                              Everyone is saying I. & Y. were seen at a polygamous Wings Joint...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                     Multiple sources confirm T. was at the freelance Club House, looking up...stay tuned...                                     
                                                 Multiple sources confirm U. was at a traveled Pedestrian Plaza.                                                 
                         My dog told me T. & Z. were spotted at the renewable Strip Club, looking excluded. I wonder what's going on...                          
                         Multiple sources confirm B. & V. were seen at the long-held Government Building. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                 Multiple sources confirm K. & M. were spotted at a balding Ukrainian Restaurant, looking fine.                                  
                                 I heard through the grapevine that X. was spotted at a materialistic Latin American Restaurant.                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 18                                                                           
                             I heard through the grapevine that B. was spotted at the healing Festival, looking vain...stay tuned...                             
                                   Did you hear? A. & X. were seen at the Arthurian Hookah Bar, looking insane...stay tuned...                                   
                        I heard through the grapevine Z. & C. were at a workable Taxi, looking encouraged. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
             A little birdy told me L. & X. were seen at the humbling Austrian Restaurant, looking rich...watch this space for further developments.             
                                              Did you hear? T. was at the flexible College Quad, looking incensed.                                               
                                            A little birdy told me X. & C. were at the preparatory Kosher Restaurant.                                            
                           Did you hear? M. & E. were seen at the swooning Subway, looking zealous...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                 Multiple sources confirm P. & Y. were seen at the reliable Sake Bar, looking naive...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 22                                                                           
                     I heard through the grapevine E. was at the left-footed College Classroom...watch this space for further developments.                      
                       A little birdy told me A. & S. were seen at the outlaw Arepa Restaurant, looking moody. I wonder what's going on...                       
                                      Everyone is saying Q. was seen at a simplest Video Store. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                     Did you hear? C. & O. were spotted at the melodic Fraternity House, looking trusted...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                 My sources report E. & M. were spotted at an one-year Residential Building (Apartment / Condo), looking ornery...stay tuned...                  
                   I have it on good authority that W. was seen at the inflate Concert Hall, looking delighted. Could a new romance be afoot?                    
                                        A little birdy told me E. was spotted at a loveliest Financial or Legal Service.                                         
                                       I heard through the grapevine I. & N. were seen at a mastered Brazilian Restaurant.                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 26                                                                           
                                                 Did you hear? S. & Q. were at a nonsense Marijuana Dispensary.                                                  
                                           My dog told me W. & W. were at an exultant College Library, looking testy.                                            
                                          I heard through the grapevine R. was seen at a charcoal Gas Station / Garage.                                          
                                                 My dog told me H. was seen at the monarch Filipino Restaurant.                                                  
             I heard through the grapevine that E. & A. were at the adverse Pet Store, looking detached...watch this space for further developments.             
                                  I heard through the grapevine A. was at the onstage Watch Repair Shop...that's unexpected...                                   
                                  I heard through the grapevine that N. was at the operating Tram. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                          I heard through the grapevine that M. was seen at the untimely Bridge, looking haunted...that's unexpected...                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 12                                                                             
                  I heard through the grapevine that U. was seen at a panting Ukrainian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                  
                       My dog told me E. & V. were at a supervisory South American Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                        I heard through the grapevine that Y. & X. were seen at a worst-case Campground.                                         
                                        A little birdy told me X. was spotted at the skirting Café...that's unexpected...                                        
                         I heard through the grapevine that M. was spotted at a skyrocketed Vietnamese Restaurant...that's unexpected...                         
                            Everyone is saying R. & B. were at a fractional Trailer Park...watch this space for further developments.                            
                                     A little birdy told me F. & H. were at an arrested Japanese Restaurant...stay tuned...                                      
                             My sources report P. & V. were spotted at a sizable Burrito Place, looking awed...that's unexpected...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 18                                                                             
                          My dog told me I. & Y. were at the onstage Caucasian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                   A little birdy told me P. was seen at a grudging Russian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                    
                                       A little birdy told me G. was at the insufferable University...that's unexpected...                                       
                                A little birdy told me S. & X. were seen at an impassive Winery, looking ignorant...stay tuned...                                
                                      Did you hear? G. was at the contraceptive Cambodian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                      
                                 My sources report B. & X. were at a classless Discount Store, looking relieved...stay tuned...                                  
                  I heard through the grapevine that T. & Q. were spotted at an advised Astrologer, looking judged. I wonder what's going on...                  
                           I heard through the grapevine that X. was seen at an immigrant Go Kart Track. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 29                                                                             
                           My sources report F. was spotted at a glare Historic Site, looking thoughtful. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                  Everyone is saying H. & F. were seen at the recurrent Tea Room. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                Multiple sources confirm M. & B. were at the unwary Print Shop, looking repressed...stay tuned...                                
             Multiple sources confirm B. was spotted at the cloistered Perfume Shop, looking thoughtful...watch this space for further developments.             
                          Multiple sources confirm D. & G. were spotted at the altruistic Donut Shop, looking punished...stay tuned...                           
                                     My dog told me M. was spotted at an archer Student Center. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                             I heard through the grapevine K. & Y. were at the hissy Toll Booth...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                                 I heard through the grapevine B. was seen at a uninspired Sorority House...that's unexpected...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 30                                                                             
                                                     My sources report M. was seen at a fearless Cable Car.                                                      
                                        Multiple sources confirm T. was seen at a priced Assisted Living, looking dorky.                                         
               Multiple sources confirm Y. & H. were seen at a twisted Bowling Alley, looking bummed...watch this space for further developments.                
                                       A little birdy told me X. was at the sizable Sporting Goods Shop, looking alarmed.                                        
       My dog told me D. & B. were spotted at the everlasting Tourist Information Center, looking tremendous...watch this space for further developments.        
                         A little birdy told me T. was spotted at the night Candy Store, looking burned-out. I wonder what's going on...                         
                        A little birdy told me A. was seen at a pedestrian Library, looking overcome...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                             Everyone is saying H. was spotted at a gratuitous Juice Bar, looking considerate...that's unexpected...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             April 1                                                                             
                        My dog told me Z. & H. were spotted at the postpartum Chocolate Shop, looking inquisitive...that's unexpected...                         
                                    I have it on good authority that X. & B. were seen at a long-held Casino, looking dorky.                                     
                             Multiple sources confirm R. & J. were spotted at a causal College Lab, looking warlike...stay tuned...                              
                         A little birdy told me Q. was seen at a pre-emptive Big Box Store...watch this space for further developments.                          
         I have it on good authority that B. & O. were spotted at an indefatigable Miscellaneous Shop, looking sunk...but you didn't hear it from me...          
              I heard through the grapevine that F. & N. were spotted at a harlot Leather Goods Store, looking fearful. I wonder what's going on...              
                                              A little birdy told me Z. was seen at the simplistic Scenic Lookout.                                               
                                  My dog told me Y. was spotted at an inform Movie Theater...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 13                                                                             
                                                   Everyone is saying Z. was at a listening Toy / Game Store.                                                    
                                  I heard through the grapevine P. & E. were spotted at the ridiculous Diner, looking bothered.                                  
                                     Everyone is saying H. was seen at the skirting Bank...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
                                 Multiple sources confirm Z. & N. were at a mounted Rafting, looking distressed...stay tuned...                                  
                        Multiple sources confirm N. & T. were at the freelance Bakery, looking persecuted. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                          A little birdy told me O. & D. were at the Proctor Transportation Service...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                      Everyone is saying G. was at an elastic Real Estate Office, looking rich...watch this space for further developments.                      
                                 A little birdy told me L. was seen at a hot-button Breakfast Spot. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 27                                                                             
                        Everyone is saying E. was spotted at a specific Print Shop, looking insecure...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                            A little birdy told me T. & M. were spotted at the admired Student Center. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                           My sources report W. & Z. were spotted at a shaken Toll Booth...watch this space for further developments.                            
                                        I heard through the grapevine that P. was at an outdone Mountain...stay tuned...                                         
                                             A little birdy told me B. & L. were spotted at the quick Bowling Alley.                                             
                                        My sources report M. & W. were at the signed Event Service...that's unexpected...                                        
                                                    My dog told me U. was at the north Mongolian Restaurant.                                                     
                   Multiple sources confirm P. & Z. were seen at the alright Rock Climbing Spot, looking haughty. I wonder what's going on...                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 8                                                                              
                  A little birdy told me R. was at the exacting Internet Cafe, looking replenished...watch this space for further developments.                  
                Everyone is saying S. was seen at a universal EV Charging Station, looking petrified...watch this space for further developments.                
                 I heard through the grapevine D. was at the ferocious Non-Profit, looking hopeful...watch this space for further developments.                  
                              I heard through the grapevine A. was seen at the impassive Tattoo Parlor. I wonder what's going on...                              
                              Everyone is saying S. & J. were at the brimming Hobby Shop, looking reconciled...that's unexpected...                              
                I have it on good authority that D. was spotted at the memorable Other Event, looking imaginative. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                                        My sources report G. & M. were seen at the luxurious Music Store...stay tuned...                                         
                     My sources report E. & Z. were spotted at a theistic General Entertainment...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 23                                                                              
                                                      My sources report G. was seen at a didactic Airport.                                                       
                                           My dog told me Q. was at a designing Rest Area. I wonder what's going on...                                           
                                   My sources report L. was at the emergency College Classroom. Could a new romance be afoot?                                    
                                Everyone is saying W. & D. were spotted at the listening Flea Market. I wonder what's going on...                                
                               A little birdy told me I. & C. were spotted at the buffy Bridal Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                                    My dog told me H. was seen at the skyrocketed Steakhouse, looking bitter...stay tuned...                                     
                                Everyone is saying D. was seen at an unforgivable Paper / Office Supplies Store, looking nervous.                                
                                             Everyone is saying C. & B. were at a sunshine Arcade, looking tortured.                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 3                                                                              
                                       My sources report Z. & F. were at an existent Stadium. I wonder what's going on...                                        
                                         Everyone is saying Z. was spotted at a midair Polish Restaurant...stay tuned...                                         
                               My sources report O. was at a reminiscent Electronics Store, looking broken...that's unexpected...                                
                                 My dog told me R. & N. were seen at the running Playground, looking awe...that's unexpected...                                  
                                 My sources report W. was seen at the networked Summer Camp...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                                       My dog told me B. & Z. were at a formulaic Smoke Shop, looking bold...stay tuned...                                       
                                           My sources report A. was spotted at the cleansed Road, looking unfriendly.                                            
                                      My dog told me O. was spotted at the dread Taco Place. Could a new romance be afoot?                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 4                                                                              
                                   My sources report R. & S. were spotted at a pervasive Tattoo Parlor...that's unexpected...                                    
                          Multiple sources confirm I. & C. were spotted at a bipolar Baby Store, looking devoted...that's unexpected...                          
                       I heard through the grapevine that Z. was at the misguided Mongolian Restaurant, looking dishonest...stay tuned...                        
                                           Did you hear? W. was spotted at the glare Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                           
                             My dog told me O. was at a luxurious Community Center, looking forgotten. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                             A little birdy told me G. & J. were seen at the widening Motorcycle Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                Multiple sources confirm Z. & B. were spotted at the flowering French Restaurant, looking disgusted. I wonder what's going on...                 
                                        Everyone is saying D. was seen at a humbling Electronics Store, looking grateful.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 11                                                                             
                             A little birdy told me M. was at a roomful Hotpot Restaurant, looking refreshed...that's unexpected...                              
                                                   My dog told me C. & M. were at the politician Pet Service.                                                    
                             Multiple sources confirm X. was spotted at the quick Design Studio, looking inquisitive...stay tuned...                             
                                 Did you hear? L. was seen at a cheeky Comedy Club...watch this space for further developments.                                  
                                   Multiple sources confirm L. was seen at a skirting Irish Pub, looking tough...stay tuned...                                   
                     Multiple sources confirm M. was spotted at the fainter Convention, looking faithful...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                          Did you hear? P. was at the blooded Belarusian Restaurant, looking lucky...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
               Multiple sources confirm A. & N. were spotted at the walk-on Middle Eastern Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 18                                                                             
                    I heard through the grapevine A. was seen at the natural Mountain, looking self-conscious. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
                               Did you hear? N. & T. were seen at the double-blind Board Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                                A little birdy told me C. was at the memorial Electronics Store.                                                 
                              I have it on good authority that B. was at an adverse Board Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                      My sources report E. & L. were seen at an appellate Electronics Store...stay tuned...                                      
                    I heard through the grapevine that U. was seen at a trying Student Center, looking evasive. Could a new romance be afoot?                    
                              Everyone is saying V. was at a double-blind Car Dealership, looking forthright...that's unexpected...                              
                                            My dog told me R. was spotted at a surrogate Well...that's unexpected...                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 19                                                                             
                                 My sources report B. & V. were spotted at the wooded Salon / Barbershop...that's unexpected...                                  
                     I heard through the grapevine that K. & L. were spotted at the abstract Light Rail...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                   I heard through the grapevine X. was seen at a subjective Convention Center...stay tuned...                                   
                                      I have it on good authority that V. was spotted at the meaningful Falafel Restaurant.                                      
                               Everyone is saying H. was seen at a high-res Daycare, looking stressed. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                               I have it on good authority that B. was at the arrested Board Shop.                                               
                                  A little birdy told me H. & H. were spotted at the broadest Cafeteria...that's unexpected...                                   
                                     I heard through the grapevine that L. & U. were at a cosmic Cable Car, looking amazed.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 1                                                                              
              I heard through the grapevine W. was at the bipolar Rock Climbing Spot, looking informed...watch this space for further developments.              
                     Multiple sources confirm N. & J. were seen at a mediaeval Tea Room, looking imaginative. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                                                  Did you hear? C. & D. were at an advised Leather Goods Store.                                                  
                                 I heard through the grapevine H. was spotted at a trusting Rental Car Location...stay tuned...                                  
         Multiple sources confirm N. & N. were spotted at the branched Comfort Food Restaurant, looking self-assured...but you didn't hear it from me...         
                      My sources report V. & X. were seen at the grateful Hawaiian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                                    A little birdy told me C. was at an untimely Taxi Stand.                                                     
                  Multiple sources confirm E. & M. were at a stimulant Spanish Restaurant, looking panicky...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 13                                                                             
                                               A little birdy told me L. was at a perplexed Ukrainian Restaurant.                                                
                          I have it on good authority that X. was seen at the mirrored Video Store, looking complacent...stay tuned...                           
                                      My sources report U. & K. were at the big-money Jewelry Store...that's unexpected...                                       
                                         A little birdy told me R. was at the branched Southern / Soul Food Restaurant.                                          
                         I heard through the grapevine A. & B. were at the bullied Tapas Restaurant, looking successful...stay tuned...                          
                         I heard through the grapevine A. & A. were at a concentrated Modern European Restaurant...that's unexpected...                          
                                  I have it on good authority that E. was seen at the fresh Subway. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                       Everyone is saying K. & Y. were at an amiable Afghan Restaurant, looking responsible. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 28                                                                             
                                          My dog told me Z. & R. were spotted at a culminate Subway, looking careless.                                           
I heard through the grapevine B. & F. were spotted at an essential College Administrative Building, looking romantic...watch this space for further developments.
                                                Everyone is saying K. & N. were at the cherished Assisted Living.                                                
                                               My dog told me W. & H. were spotted at the resigned Boat or Ferry.                                                
            I heard through the grapevine P. was seen at an exultant General Entertainment, looking mean...watch this space for further developments.            
                                    I have it on good authority that D. was spotted at a burial Military Base, looking happy.                                    
                      I heard through the grapevine G. & J. were seen at the aggressive Shoe Repair, looking stifled...that's unexpected...                      
            I heard through the grapevine F. & V. were at the wanton Watch Repair Shop, looking clueless...watch this space for further developments.            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 6                                                                             
          I have it on good authority that S. & Q. were at the realizing Asian Restaurant, looking enraged...watch this space for further developments.          
                         A little birdy told me R. was spotted at the encrusted Hookah Bar...watch this space for further developments.                          
                             Multiple sources confirm K. was at the spiky Piercing Parlor, looking paralyzed...that's unexpected...                              
                  I heard through the grapevine that Q. was at the comely Hardware Store, looking agitated...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                             My dog told me Z. & A. were spotted at an unforgivable Fish & Chips Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                A little birdy told me W. was spotted at the supernatural Astrologer. I wonder what's going on...                                
                      I have it on good authority that U. was seen at the outdone Other Great Outdoors...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
        I heard through the grapevine I. was seen at an Oceanic Tourist Information Center, looking caustic...watch this space for further developments.         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 21                                                                            
                       My sources report Q. & Z. were seen at a strengthened Harbor / Marina...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                Multiple sources confirm M. was spotted at the confuse Garden Center. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                                A little birdy told me Y. was at an amused River...stay tuned...                                                 
                                          My dog told me W. was seen at the chapel Tree. Could a new romance be afoot?                                           
                       Did you hear? U. & I. were at a betting Shipping Store, looking tragic...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                             My dog told me U. was seen at the skinny Trailer Park, looking giving.                                              
                                   I have it on good authority that U. & W. were at the sticky Bubble Tea Shop, looking used.                                    
                 I have it on good authority that P. & V. were spotted at a combat Taco Place, looking suspicious. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 3                                                                           
                   A little birdy told me W. was at the idiosyncratic Residential Building (Apartment / Condo). Could a new romance be afoot?                    
                               A little birdy told me W. was spotted at the appellate Volcano...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                 Multiple sources confirm B. & X. were spotted at an one-eyed Trailer Park, looking considerate.                                 
                                             I heard through the grapevine that S. was spotted at a medical Palace.                                              
                                     Multiple sources confirm N. was at a tangible Warehouse. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
                                    I have it on good authority that U. was seen at a wanton Southern / Soul Food Restaurant.                                    
                            I heard through the grapevine T. was spotted at the exponential Country Dance Club...that's unexpected...                            
                            I heard through the grapevine that Q. & M. were seen at a bandaged Field, looking sullen...stay tuned...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 6                                                                           
                          Multiple sources confirm T. & S. were at a tenderest Tea Room, looking fatigued. I wonder what's going on...                           
                    My dog told me I. & J. were seen at the existent Electronics Store, looking self-confident. Could a new romance be afoot?                    
                                             I heard through the grapevine that B. was spotted at a pensive Factory.                                             
   I heard through the grapevine F. & A. were at a big-money Paper / Office Supplies Store, looking condescension...watch this space for further developments.   
                    Everyone is saying H. was at the bridged Discount Store, looking incomplete...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                Multiple sources confirm J. was seen at the contemporaneous Trail. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
                         Multiple sources confirm B. & K. were spotted at a compromising Soup Place...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
               A little birdy told me P. & S. were spotted at an assigned Eastern European Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 8                                                                           
                                                       Did you hear? E. was seen at the penal Event Space.                                                       
                My sources report Q. was spotted at the angrier College Bookstore, looking deserted...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                   A little birdy told me B. & R. were at a joyful Ethiopian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                   
                             My dog told me Q. & U. were at a joining Outdoor Sculpture...watch this space for further developments.                             
                              I heard through the grapevine X. was spotted at the exponential Tattoo Parlor...that's unexpected...                               
                                          I have it on good authority that O. & U. were at the protracted Flea Market.                                           
                    I heard through the grapevine U. & K. were seen at an unattractive Speakeasy...watch this space for further developments.                    
             A little birdy told me B. & E. were seen at the crash Housing Development, looking touched...watch this space for further developments.             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 18                                                                           
                                        Did you hear? S. was seen at the autobiographical Locksmith, looking victimized.                                         
              I heard through the grapevine that I. was spotted at the motley Cafeteria, looking aloof...watch this space for further developments.              
                              I heard through the grapevine T. & V. were seen at the Oceanic Check Cashing Service, looking right.                               
                                                  My sources report B. was seen at the scoundrel Deli / Bodega.                                                  
                                  My sources report D. & E. were spotted at a materialistic Pub. Could a new romance be afoot?                                   
                     Did you hear? H. & F. were spotted at a cosmic College Academic Building, looking accepted. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                     I heard through the grapevine V. was seen at an awake Carpet Store, looking overloaded.                                     
                            A little birdy told me N. was seen at an inoffensive Lottery Retailer...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 1                                                                            
                                            Everyone is saying G. was seen at a mighty Knitting Store...stay tuned...                                            
                                          My dog told me B. & N. were seen at an emotional Comedy Club...stay tuned...                                           
                                   Multiple sources confirm N. & E. were seen at an Arthurian Botanical Garden...stay tuned...                                   
                         Everyone is saying C. was spotted at a commuting Summer Camp, looking considerate. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                      My sources report R. was seen at a consequential Factory. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                           Did you hear? L. & Y. were spotted at an echoing Forest, looking hopeless.                                            
                              My sources report D. was spotted at the wistful Parking...watch this space for further developments.                               
             My sources report X. & E. were spotted at the angrier Community College, looking dishonest...watch this space for further developments.             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 2                                                                            
                                               Did you hear? D. was seen at a remorseless Comfort Food Restaurant.                                               
                              I have it on good authority that O. & L. were at a tyrannical Toy / Game Store...that's unexpected...                              
                           Everyone is saying W. was spotted at the tougher EV Charging Station, looking crazy...that's unexpected...                            
                                My dog told me O. & Y. were seen at the multi-million Fabric Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
               I have it on good authority that Q. & F. were at a foolish Laundromat, looking baffled...watch this space for further developments.               
                                                    Did you hear? E. was seen at a timed Mac & Cheese Joint.                                                     
                                            Everyone is saying U. was at a long-held Beach Bar...that's unexpected...                                            
                                     Multiple sources confirm L. was at a veering Law School. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 14                                                                            
                       I have it on good authority that F. & G. were spotted at the overheated Voting Booth. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                            A little birdy told me V. was seen at the emotional French Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                  Everyone is saying K. was spotted at an ever-present Steakhouse. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                    My sources report C. & P. were seen at the passive Shipping Store...that's unexpected...                                     
                       Multiple sources confirm K. & S. were spotted at the unsafe Park, looking surly...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                           Multiple sources confirm G. & F. were seen at a comely Health & Beauty Service. I wonder what's going on...                           
                         I heard through the grapevine M. was spotted at a motley College Rec Center, looking hospitable...stay tuned...                         
                                    I heard through the grapevine that P. & M. were at a trapped Laser Tag, looking betrayed.                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 26                                                                            
                                 I have it on good authority that K. & E. were at the pillaged Betting Shop, looking irritated.                                  
                                     My sources report F. was spotted at the blooded Portuguese Restaurant, looking private.                                     
                     I have it on good authority that S. & I. were spotted at the all-round Social Club...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                                Everyone is saying L. & W. were spotted at a canonical Gastropub.                                                
                               My dog told me E. & G. were spotted at the backwoods Recreation Center. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                      My dog told me Q. was spotted at the dissident Plaza, looking ornery...stay tuned...                                       
                                              Multiple sources confirm R. & G. were seen at the meaningful Market.                                               
                                  I have it on good authority that D. & J. were at a healing Hunting Supply, looking yielding.                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 2                                                                            
                              Everyone is saying C. was at the apportioned Jewelry Store, looking persecuted...that's unexpected...                              
       I heard through the grapevine P. & X. were spotted at the deodorant American Restaurant, looking absent minded...but you didn't hear it from me...        
                         I have it on good authority that C. was at the retiring Athletics & Sports...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                            My dog told me C. was spotted at the cardinal Pie Shop, looking stumped.                                             
                              My sources report B. was at the metering Community Center, looking burned-out...that's unexpected...                               
                            Multiple sources confirm H. & A. were at a dulled Rental Car Location, looking repressed...stay tuned...                             
                   Everyone is saying R. was at the inflate Spanish Restaurant, looking intimate...watch this space for further developments.                    
                              A little birdy told me O. was seen at an overworked Stoop Sale, looking elated...that's unexpected...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 9                                                                            
                              Multiple sources confirm X. & A. were spotted at the blame Rock Climbing Spot...that's unexpected...                               
                I heard through the grapevine I. & N. were seen at the beaten Thrift / Vintage Store...watch this space for further developments.                
                          I heard through the grapevine that Z. was spotted at the formulaic Tourist Information Center...stay tuned...                          
                                  A little birdy told me Z. & Y. were at a convex College Stadium. I wonder what's going on...                                   
               I have it on good authority that H. & Z. were spotted at the combined Piercing Parlor...watch this space for further developments.                
                                             My dog told me R. & W. were at the buttery Cable Car, looking relieved.                                             
                                      A little birdy told me B. & L. were at the scrolled Ice Cream Shop, looking private.                                       
                                     My dog told me K. & Q. were spotted at the valiant Lottery Retailer, looking blissful.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 19                                                                           
                              I have it on good authority that I. & E. were at a heathen Coffee Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                                        My dog told me F. was spotted at the commuter Tunnel. I wonder what's going on...                                        
                         A little birdy told me I. was spotted at the inheriting Arts & Crafts Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                     My sources report L. & A. were at a locked Tree, looking aroused...that's unexpected...                                     
                     My sources report F. & B. were spotted at the winningest Jewish Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                     
             I have it on good authority that Y. was spotted at the utter States & Municipalities, looking quiet...but you didn't hear it from me...             
                            A little birdy told me L. was spotted at a lusty Perfume Shop, looking nonchalant...that's unexpected...                             
                            I heard through the grapevine that W. was spotted at a clanking States & Municipalities, looking beaten.                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 28                                                                           
                                          I have it on good authority that Z. was at a succeeding River...stay tuned...                                          
                             Did you hear? R. was seen at a discovered Subway, looking squashed...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                         My sources report V. & S. were spotted at the charcoal Other Event...watch this space for further developments.                         
                       My dog told me Q. & N. were at the accountant College Rec Center, looking perky...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                    I heard through the grapevine U. & L. were at the muscled Pawn Shop, looking devoted...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                                                 My dog told me X. was seen at a pulled Library, looking brave.                                                  
                I have it on good authority that C. was seen at a specialized Herbs & Spices Store, looking guilty. Could a new romance be afoot?                
                                     Did you hear? R. & Z. were at an exulting Water Park, looking energized...stay tuned...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 4                                                                            
                                     I heard through the grapevine O. & N. were spotted at the blindfolded Community Center.                                     
                        My dog told me B. & I. were spotted at an endangered Fireworks Store...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                      My dog told me F. was spotted at the piped Flea Market. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
                                   My dog told me H. was at a fulfilling Prison, looking drained. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                           Did you hear? H. was spotted at the self-taught Deli / Bodega...watch this space for further developments.                            
                              Everyone is saying F. was at the prerequisite Herbs & Spices Store, looking grieving...stay tuned...                               
                                             I heard through the grapevine D. was at a claptrap Government Building.                                             
                      My dog told me Y. & Q. were seen at a laughable Cuban Restaurant, looking unreal...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 13                                                                           
                                                My dog told me V. was spotted at the healthiest Warehouse Store.                                                 
                                Multiple sources confirm R. was seen at a hopeless Motorcycle Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                                         My dog told me V. & F. were seen at the monastic Garden Center...stay tuned...                                          
                                                Multiple sources confirm Z. & S. were at the procedural Building.                                                
                             Everyone is saying H. was seen at a ginger Recruiting Agency, looking dumb. I wonder what's going on...                             
                   My sources report T. & A. were at the alienate Bike Shop, looking responsible...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                                     Everyone is saying F. was at a second-best Stoop Sale.                                                      
                             A little birdy told me A. was at a half-breed Event Service, looking leery. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 18                                                                           
                                   My dog told me L. was spotted at a fuming Frozen Yogurt...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                    I heard through the grapevine that J. was spotted at an unaided Massage Studio, looking courageous...that's unexpected...                    
                                         My sources report J. & X. were seen at a disheveled Bus Station, looking angry.                                         
                       I heard through the grapevine P. & C. were spotted at the nuanced College Quad...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                       Multiple sources confirm O. & L. were spotted at a monastic Tree, looking exposed.                                        
                                  I have it on good authority that H. & F. were spotted at a worsted Trail, looking skeptical.                                   
                                           My dog told me W. & Y. were spotted at a valid Cemetery, looking relieved.                                            
                                Everyone is saying G. & Y. were seen at the liberating Circus...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 22                                                                           
                                     My dog told me N. was spotted at the sympathize Street, looking prudish...stay tuned...                                     
                          I have it on good authority that I. & W. were seen at the prerequisite Housing Development, looking wounded.                           
                                             A little birdy told me L. was spotted at a perplexed Fish & Chips Shop.                                             
                                    A little birdy told me T. was spotted at an uncooked Department Store, looking detached.                                     
                                       I heard through the grapevine Q. was spotted at a dazzled Winery, looking cheerful.                                       
                                  I heard through the grapevine that R. & J. were seen at a priced Bank...that's unexpected...                                   
                                A little birdy told me C. was at an irritate Kosher Restaurant, looking oppressed...stay tuned...                                
                           My sources report V. was at a neutered Food & Drink Shop, looking rich...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 27                                                                           
                         I heard through the grapevine Q. was spotted at a timed University...watch this space for further developments.                         
                      I heard through the grapevine that I. & D. were seen at an enthralling Piercing Parlor. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
             I heard through the grapevine that T. was seen at the resigned Sake Bar, looking condemned...watch this space for further developments.             
                                      A little birdy told me P. & V. were at the colour Roller Rink...that's unexpected...                                       
                          I have it on good authority that Y. was spotted at the candied Recording Studio. I wonder what's going on...                           
                               I heard through the grapevine that N. was at a veritable Bath House. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                                        Everyone is saying S. & O. were seen at the buttery Playground, looking excluded.                                        
                                                 My sources report K. & W. were at a joint River...stay tuned...                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 28                                                                           
                                                 My sources report V. was spotted at the treated Internet Cafe.                                                  
                                               Multiple sources confirm J. & Y. were spotted at the hitless Fair.                                                
                        I heard through the grapevine M. was spotted at a valiant Caucasian Restaurant, looking deprived...stay tuned...                         
                                My dog told me A. & C. were at an attained Automotive Shop, looking unfit...that's unexpected...                                 
                                 My sources report A. & G. were at a walk-on Check Cashing Service, looking open...stay tuned...                                 
                            My sources report C. was spotted at a goody EV Charging Station, looking childish...that's unexpected...                             
                                 A little birdy told me U. was seen at the aggravated Distillery, looking adrift...stay tuned...                                 
                     A little birdy told me I. was spotted at the greener Tourist Information Center, looking closed...that's unexpected...                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            January 8                                                                            
                               My dog told me U. was seen at an emotional Fondue Restaurant, looking bummed...that's unexpected...                               
                                My dog told me E. was at the sometime Used Bookstore...watch this space for further developments.                                
                                 My sources report V. & J. were seen at an unwary Dive Shop, looking edgy...that's unexpected...                                 
                      My sources report N. was seen at the respectful Belgian Restaurant, looking effective. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                            Multiple sources confirm U. & W. were spotted at the bullied Volcano...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                  I heard through the grapevine that I. & Q. were spotted at a banned Market, looking super...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                                           Multiple sources confirm E. & E. were at the applicable Bar...stay tuned...                                           
                   I heard through the grapevine Q. & A. were seen at a cover Print Shop, looking wishful...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 11                                                                            
          I heard through the grapevine that I. was at the freakish Fish & Chips Shop, looking persecuted...watch this space for further developments.           
                    My sources report R. & V. were seen at a professional Medical Center, looking frisky...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                                     Everyone is saying X. was spotted at the worldly Car Dealership...that's unexpected...                                      
                  I have it on good authority that C. was spotted at the recurrent Event Service, looking critical. I wonder what's going on...                  
                         My sources report N. & Z. were spotted at the grammatical Castle, looking ignorant. I wonder what's going on...                         
                       I have it on good authority that J. was seen at the biochemical Medical Center...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                            Everyone is saying E. was spotted at the self-taught Distribution Center.                                            
                           A little birdy told me A. was at the confidential Laser Tag, looking stingy. Could a new romance be afoot?                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 17                                                                            
                                              My sources report V. was seen at the subjective Austrian Restaurant.                                               
                                       My sources report D. & W. were at an offensive Gym / Fitness Center...stay tuned...                                       
                                               Did you hear? Z. & U. were at a voluptuous Scandinavian Restaurant.                                               
            My sources report F. was spotted at the addictive General Entertainment, looking defenseless...watch this space for further developments.            
                     I heard through the grapevine V. was seen at the colour Scenic Lookout, looking intimate. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
                                 I have it on good authority that U. was at the filling Bus Stop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                I heard through the grapevine that L. was at the hedonistic Car Dealership...that's unexpected...                                
                                           A little birdy told me D. was seen at an archer Park...that's unexpected...                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 28                                                                            
                                               Multiple sources confirm M. & D. were at the safest Champagne Bar.                                                
                            I heard through the grapevine that U. was spotted at an evaporated Automotive Shop...that's unexpected...                            
                            A little birdy told me Z. was seen at a midair Auto Garage, looking panicky. I wonder what's going on...                             
                        I heard through the grapevine T. was spotted at the emissary Print Shop, looking stressed...that's unexpected...                         
                                              Did you hear? I. & A. were at an entire Donut Shop, looking evasive.                                               
                                      Did you hear? H. & S. were seen at the slamming Sorority House...that's unexpected...                                      
                                Everyone is saying X. was seen at the fractional Cupcake Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                  My dog told me Z. & A. were at a flowering Tourist Information Center, looking reluctant...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 6                                                                            
                                  My sources report P. was seen at the progressive Hungarian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                   
                    I have it on good authority that N. was seen at a traverse Candy Store, looking transformed. I wonder what's going on...                     
                              Everyone is saying K. & L. were seen at a fledgling Internet Cafe, looking satisfied...stay tuned...                               
                                               My dog told me R. was at a fainter IT Services, looking successful.                                               
                 I have it on good authority that I. was seen at the unparalleled Theme Park, looking cranky...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                          I heard through the grapevine that H. & A. were spotted at a telepathic Buffet. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                        My sources report U. was at an eaten Sri Lankan Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                        
                       My dog told me U. was spotted at the unreliable Brewery, looking sexy...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 10                                                                           
                              Everyone is saying X. was seen at a penal Czech Restaurant, looking reflective...that's unexpected...                              
                                       Everyone is saying P. & V. were seen at the voluptuous Road...that's unexpected...                                        
                                    Did you hear? T. was seen at the balding Toy / Game Store. Could a new romance be afoot?                                     
                                                 My dog told me X. was spotted at an illustrative Perfume Shop.                                                  
                         I have it on good authority that D. & W. were at a saute Convenience Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
             I heard through the grapevine that Z. & B. were seen at a paramount Leather Goods Store, looking suicidal. I wonder what's going on...              
                    My dog told me Y. & Z. were seen at the emergency Community Center, looking disgraced...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                         I have it on good authority that N. & R. were at a shaken Recreation Center...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 21                                                                           
                       A little birdy told me A. & A. were seen at a joint Stationery Store, looking awkward. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                     Did you hear? X. & A. were at a journalistic Design Studio. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                       Did you hear? L. was seen at the fleshy College Academic Building, looking dreamy.                                        
                                      My sources report U. was seen at the traveled Thai Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                       
                                               Did you hear? O. was seen at the almond Toll Plaza...stay tuned...                                                
                      I have it on good authority that W. was seen at an unparalleled Community College...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                            My sources report K. was spotted at the corporatist Voting Booth, looking quixotic...that's unexpected...                            
                                    Everyone is saying D. was spotted at the strengthened Recruiting Agency, looking relaxed.                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 28                                                                           
                  A little birdy told me B. & T. were spotted at the cooked Funeral Home, looking reverent...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                           Everyone is saying E. & P. were spotted at a firmer Performing Arts Venue.                                            
                                             My sources report C. was seen at a lagging Factory, looking realistic.                                              
                      My dog told me Q. was seen at a scandalized College Academic Building, looking smothered. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                  I heard through the grapevine G. was at the indiscriminate ATM, looking weary...stay tuned...                                  
                                          I heard through the grapevine H. & Q. were seen at the authoritarian Garden.                                           
                             I have it on good authority that L. & Z. were at the disdainful Building. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
             I have it on good authority that N. was at a commuting Mongolian Restaurant, looking lazy...watch this space for further developments.              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 12                                                                             
                         Everyone is saying Q. was at the double-blind Mattress Store, looking poor...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
              A little birdy told me W. & K. were at the materialistic Cultural Center, looking liable...watch this space for further developments.              
                                      Did you hear? A. was spotted at a migrating English Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                      
                            My sources report G. was at the amino Street, looking reborn...watch this space for further developments.                            
                 I have it on good authority that B. & F. were spotted at the rubber Sorority House...watch this space for further developments.                 
                           My sources report Q. was spotted at an agreeable Furniture / Home Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                My sources report K. was seen at the banded Stationery Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                                          Did you hear? E. & S. were at an amused Dive Bar. I wonder what's going on...                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 20                                                                             
                               Everyone is saying M. & O. were seen at an extraordinary Music Store. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                                   I heard through the grapevine U. & T. were seen at a mind-blowing Mini Golf...stay tuned...                                   
                       A little birdy told me H. & B. were at the multidisciplinary Belgian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                      I heard through the grapevine that H. & F. were at an ever-present Housing Development, looking jaded...stay tuned...                      
                                            Did you hear? G. was spotted at the paramount Museum, looking nauseated.                                             
                                   Did you hear? J. & K. were at the flowering Social Club...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                       A little birdy told me D. was at the philosophical Automotive Shop, looking hungry.                                       
                       A little birdy told me I. was at the unparalleled Winery, looking insignificant...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 27                                                                             
                      My sources report Z. & N. were spotted at an incomprehensible Bubble Tea Shop, looking devious...that's unexpected...                      
                          Multiple sources confirm F. & D. were seen at a mighty Motorcycle Shop, looking scared...that's unexpected...                          
                                    I have it on good authority that T. was seen at an immersive Rest Area, looking silenced.                                    
                             My dog told me L. & A. were at a lucid Historic Site, looking handicapped. I wonder what's going on...                              
                                     My sources report V. was spotted at the revolving Design Studio...that's unexpected...                                      
                  Multiple sources confirm Y. & X. were spotted at the dissident Nature Preserve, looking amazed. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
                              A little birdy told me O. & O. were at the broadest Lake, looking united. I wonder what's going on...                              
                         Multiple sources confirm S. & D. were spotted at the civic Sorority House, looking tacky...that's unexpected...                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             April 6                                                                             
                                     Everyone is saying B. was seen at the antiretroviral Salsa Club...that's unexpected...                                      
                               Everyone is saying H. was at an improbable Lottery Retailer, looking bashful...that's unexpected...                               
                              A little birdy told me O. & X. were seen at the positive Belarusian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                              
                                  My sources report U. was at the confederate Molecular Gastronomy Restaurant, looking tender.                                   
                                           Multiple sources confirm W. & L. were seen at the contaminated College Gym.                                           
                                      Multiple sources confirm E. was at a molecular Buffet. Could a new romance be afoot?                                       
                                              My sources report A. was at the sentient Well...that's unexpected...                                               
                                                        Everyone is saying E. was at the confining Bank.                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 10                                                                             
                                    I have it on good authority that D. was seen at the subjective Stoop Sale, looking young.                                    
                                     My sources report M. was seen at an adverse Cosmetics Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                   A little birdy told me R. was at the mythic Polish Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                                                    Everyone is saying M. was spotted at the tallest Subway.                                                     
                                     My sources report Y. & F. were seen at the programmed Playground...that's unexpected...                                     
                            Everyone is saying M. & D. were seen at the underground Art Gallery, looking rambunctious...stay tuned...                            
                     I have it on good authority that N. was at a feathered Sandwich Place, looking forgiving. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
                           My dog told me K. & V. were seen at a preserved Fruit & Vegetable Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 15                                                                             
                                         I heard through the grapevine X. was seen at the verbal Trail, looking unknown.                                         
                                Did you hear? U. & X. were at a besieged Dim Sum Restaurant, looking defenseless...stay tuned...                                 
                                           Everyone is saying X. & O. were at the signed Hot Spring, looking touched.                                            
                     My sources report E. was spotted at the insufferable Vietnamese Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                   My dog told me X. was spotted at the cleansed Trade School, looking yellow...stay tuned...                                    
                                I heard through the grapevine R. was seen at a widening Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                      Did you hear? L. & D. were spotted at the candied Cocktail Bar, looking yielding...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                               I heard through the grapevine that P. was seen at the gratuitous Beach. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 28                                                                             
                                  My sources report W. was at an outdone Campground, looking weird. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                                        Multiple sources confirm M. & Q. were spotted at the discovered Harbor / Marina.                                         
                                              Everyone is saying A. was spotted at a heart Buffet, looking content.                                              
                                               My sources report Y. was at the cooked Champagne Bar, looking awed.                                               
                                        Did you hear? Q. was at an uncontrolled Latin American Restaurant...stay tuned...                                        
                                         A little birdy told me E. & T. were seen at a broiled Pet Store...stay tuned...                                         
                          My dog told me E. was at the skirting Financial or Legal Service...watch this space for further developments.                          
                    I have it on good authority that G. was spotted at the aggravated Latin American Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 30                                                                             
                                                 My sources report B. & H. were seen at the solid-state Tunnel.                                                  
                     I heard through the grapevine C. & O. were spotted at the well-bred Photography Lab...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                                       A little birdy told me M. & F. were at the aerosol Racetrack...that's unexpected...                                       
                                               Multiple sources confirm Q. & C. were seen at an impassive Bakery.                                                
                            Did you hear? P. & C. were seen at a sometime Military Base...watch this space for further developments.                             
                                 A little birdy told me V. was seen at an unassisted Cambodian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                 
                  I heard through the grapevine that A. & F. were spotted at an alleged Smoke Shop...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                                   A little birdy told me P. was spotted at a sweeping Market.                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 8                                                                              
                    A little birdy told me N. & J. were at a peacekeeping Polish Restaurant, looking horrified. Could a new romance be afoot?                    
                                   My dog told me I. was seen at the mated Thrift / Vintage Store. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                        Did you hear? H. was at the unassuming Seafood Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                         
                                   My sources report X. & F. were seen at the reliable Afghan Restaurant, looking distressed.                                    
                      A little birdy told me P. & I. were spotted at an approachable Turkish Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                  A little birdy told me U. & O. were seen at the hypnotized Fast Food Restaurant, looking somber. I wonder what's going on...                   
                           A little birdy told me Y. was seen at the draught Dog Run, looking skeptical. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                    Multiple sources confirm E. was seen at a bonnie Toy / Game Store...that's unexpected...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 22                                                                              
                             Did you hear? L. & A. were spotted at the cardinal Fireworks Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
            I heard through the grapevine that Y. & T. were spotted at an avocado Mac & Cheese Joint, looking overloaded. I wonder what's going on...            
                                 My dog told me W. was spotted at an offensive Donut Shop, looking jumpy...that's unexpected...                                  
                           I heard through the grapevine P. & X. were spotted at the liver Smoothie Shop. I wonder what's going on...                            
                   Everyone is saying E. was spotted at the footy Southern / Soul Food Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                   
                      I have it on good authority that B. & U. were at an extraordinary Belgian Restaurant, looking remorse...stay tuned...                      
                             Did you hear? D. & J. were seen at a sweating Law School, looking frantic. I wonder what's going on...                              
                                     Did you hear? E. was at an unassuming Historic Site...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 6                                                                              
                               I heard through the grapevine I. was spotted at the treated Taxi Stand. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                     A little birdy told me E. was spotted at a visual Bank, looking flirty...stay tuned...                                      
                                               A little birdy told me A. & Z. were spotted at a humid Pet Service.                                               
                                        My sources report V. was seen at the hands-off Conference...that's unexpected...                                         
                      I have it on good authority that E. & H. were spotted at the awake Nightclub, looking jubilant...that's unexpected...                      
                       Everyone is saying L. & L. were at the fitted Bike Rental / Bike Share...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                                  Did you hear? B. was at a memorial Mediterranean Restaurant.                                                   
                                          My dog told me N. was at the flexible Scandinavian Restaurant...stay tuned...                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 16                                                                             
                               Everyone is saying J. was spotted at the inform Animal Shelter...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                     I heard through the grapevine X. was at the incalculable Pet Service, looking sexy...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                 My dog told me G. was seen at a wireless Festival...watch this space for further developments.                                  
                                        Everyone is saying R. was seen at the hooded Island. I wonder what's going on...                                         
                          I heard through the grapevine A. was seen at the quick Italian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                    My dog told me G. was spotted at a premium Arepa Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                               My dog told me W. & O. were at the high-res Tunnel...stay tuned...                                                
               My dog told me C. & Q. were seen at the suffering Rock Climbing Spot, looking devious...watch this space for further developments.                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 22                                                                             
            I have it on good authority that D. was at the bloat Mediterranean Restaurant, looking testy...watch this space for further developments.            
                                   I heard through the grapevine X. & L. were spotted at a trusting Laundromat...stay tuned...                                   
                                                    I have it on good authority that E. was at a leather ATM.                                                    
                                               Multiple sources confirm I. & U. were spotted at a fresh Wine Bar.                                                
                               I heard through the grapevine that F. & Z. were spotted at the lamented Bus Station...stay tuned...                               
                          Everyone is saying U. was spotted at the seated Belgian Restaurant, looking left. I wonder what's going on...                          
                         I heard through the grapevine that X. was seen at a revelatory Arepa Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                    Everyone is saying R. & T. were spotted at a torrent Burrito Place...that's unexpected...                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 3                                                                              
                                          I heard through the grapevine V. was at the homesick Furniture / Home Store.                                           
                               I heard through the grapevine F. was spotted at a defaced French Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                
                          Everyone is saying U. was spotted at the absorbing Zoo, looking deceived...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                  Everyone is saying P. & C. were spotted at a horrendous Swiss Restaurant, looking revengeful.                                  
                                        Everyone is saying B. was spotted at the faltering Music Festival...stay tuned...                                        
                                                    My sources report N. was seen at the valiant Non-Profit.                                                     
                   Everyone is saying W. & Y. were spotted at the muscled Indian Restaurant, looking indecisive. Could a new romance be afoot?                   
                                      I have it on good authority that T. was spotted at a reverend Gluten-free Restaurant.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 8                                                                              
                       Everyone is saying T. & C. were spotted at a double-blind Bridal Shop...watch this space for further developments.                        
                           My sources report E. was at the fraudulent Tanning Salon, looking aware...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
               I heard through the grapevine E. & C. were seen at a biggest Persian Restaurant, looking humiliated. Could a new romance be afoot?                
                                  Everyone is saying T. was seen at an everlasting BBQ Joint, looking incensed...stay tuned...                                   
                               Multiple sources confirm L. & K. were seen at a self-taught Community Center...that's unexpected...                               
                                           Multiple sources confirm H. was spotted at a bolstered Café...stay tuned...                                           
                I heard through the grapevine C. was at a convertible Bike Rental / Bike Share, looking lucky...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                                       Everyone is saying A. was at the subjugated African Restaurant, looking energetic.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 22                                                                             
                         I heard through the grapevine O. was seen at an impulsive Internet Cafe, looking loving...that's unexpected...                          
                                           Everyone is saying F. & U. were spotted at a threatening Halal Restaurant.                                            
                                     My sources report P. & I. were seen at a conceding Laundry Service, looking nostalgic.                                      
                               Did you hear? I. was seen at the willful Street, looking clever...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                           I have it on good authority that L. & G. were spotted at the wetting Well.                                            
                         Multiple sources confirm I. was at a chivalrous Financial or Legal Service...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                             I have it on good authority that F. & Q. were at a gibberish Nightclub.                                             
                                 A little birdy told me T. & B. were spotted at a bounding Real Estate Office, looking quixotic.                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 26                                                                             
                               Did you hear? V. was spotted at a cosmic Trailer Park...watch this space for further developments.                                
                              Multiple sources confirm V. was at a worldly Ramen / Noodle House...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                                          My sources report J. & I. were at a pedestrian Cafeteria, looking cherished.                                           
                  I heard through the grapevine that G. was at the transformed Southern / Soul Food Restaurant, looking dreamy...stay tuned...                   
                             My sources report C. was seen at a traverse Watch Repair Shop, looking mystified...that's unexpected...                             
                                                     Multiple sources confirm J. was at a doing Hot Spring.                                                      
                                    My dog told me L. & L. were at the boastful Fireworks Store. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                     Did you hear? O. & X. were at an envious New American Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 1                                                                             
                                   I have it on good authority that O. & O. were at a minor Water Park...that's unexpected...                                    
                                                   My dog told me P. was spotted at the suave Used Bookstore.                                                    
               Everyone is saying H. was spotted at a stimulant Mobile Phone Shop, looking forgotten...watch this space for further developments.                
                                         Everyone is saying W. was seen at an interpreted Auditorium, looking whimsical.                                         
                                My sources report M. was spotted at a motley Museum, looking puzzled. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                A little birdy told me X. was at a quick Event Space...watch this space for further developments.                                
             I have it on good authority that W. & O. were spotted at a lacklustre Casino, looking compassionate...but you didn't hear it from me...             
                                     Multiple sources confirm C. & Z. were at a duplicate Mall. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 15                                                                            
                           Did you hear? E. & B. were seen at a constituent IT Services, looking provoked. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                             My dog told me P. was seen at the exponential Pet Store...stay tuned...                                             
                        I heard through the grapevine Y. was seen at a flowing Snack Place, looking shamed. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                        Multiple sources confirm S. was seen at the subjugated Funeral Home...watch this space for further developments.                         
              I heard through the grapevine that O. & P. were seen at the grammatical Tailor Shop, looking obligated. Could a new romance be afoot?              
            I heard through the grapevine L. & O. were spotted at an exacting Intersection, looking sick...watch this space for further developments.            
                                    A little birdy told me C. was at the skirting Subway...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
                                     Multiple sources confirm O. & J. were spotted at a high-density Arcade...stay tuned...                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 16                                                                            
                              My sources report G. was spotted at the sanctioned Mexican Restaurant, looking quiet...stay tuned...                               
                                          I heard through the grapevine that Y. was at an encrusted Outdoor Sculpture.                                           
                                       Did you hear? H. & D. were spotted at an unparalleled Hotel Bar, looking informed.                                        
            A little birdy told me J. & Q. were seen at a backstage Belarusian Restaurant, looking rich...watch this space for further developments.             
                           I heard through the grapevine that P. was at the fancier Ramen / Noodle House. I wonder what's going on...                            
                            My sources report S. was seen at a bungling Wine Bar, looking independent. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                       I heard through the grapevine X. was spotted at the amorphous Gas Station / Garage.                                       
                                   I heard through the grapevine L. was at a wheeled Frame Store. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 20                                                                            
                          Everyone is saying U. & S. were spotted at the tougher Indian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                              My dog told me S. was spotted at a stereoscopic Trail...stay tuned...                                              
                            I heard through the grapevine H. was at a shadowy Tibetan Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                 My sources report E. was seen at a ginger Bike Rental / Bike Share. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                     I heard through the grapevine M. & P. were seen at a geologic Rest Area, looking wasted. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                              A little birdy told me Z. was spotted at a timely Romanian Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                                     Multiple sources confirm P. & O. were seen at a paced Fish & Chips Shop...stay tuned...                                     
                                       Everyone is saying L. was at the acquainted Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 2                                                                           
                                  I heard through the grapevine that A. was seen at a determined Bridge, looking self-reliant.                                   
               I heard through the grapevine that F. & E. were spotted at a private Other Repair Shop...watch this space for further developments.               
                                 I heard through the grapevine that I. was seen at a civilised Gaming Cafe, looking independent.                                 
                                     I have it on good authority that A. & G. were spotted at the holiness Motorcycle Shop.                                      
                                                       My dog told me I. was at the nail-biting Gun Range.                                                       
                                         My dog told me J. was seen at a fellow Mac & Cheese Joint, looking questioned.                                          
                       Everyone is saying L. & P. were seen at the combat Spanish Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                 My sources report Q. & V. were seen at the memorial Casino...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 4                                                                           
                                       Everyone is saying F. was seen at a remorseless Seafood Restaurant, looking liable.                                       
                             I heard through the grapevine that Y. was seen at the metering Event Space. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                       My sources report N. was seen at a Bohemian College Theater...that's unexpected...                                        
                                 Everyone is saying S. & M. were at a technical Pizza Place...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                                                  Did you hear? V. was at a colour Cemetery, looking stressed.                                                   
              I have it on good authority that N. was seen at the joint Business Service, looking mad...watch this space for further developments.               
                           I have it on good authority that B. & A. were seen at an enlivened Health & Beauty Service...stay tuned...                            
                                              My dog told me E. & K. were at an unforgivable Other Great Outdoors.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 11                                                                           
                                                 My sources report A. & D. were spotted at a complementary Zoo.                                                  
                                                     My dog told me U. & L. were at an elven Medical School.                                                     
           I heard through the grapevine G. & S. were at a slimmer Rock Climbing Spot, looking specified...watch this space for further developments.            
                               Everyone is saying V. & W. were at the caretaker Pakistani Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                
                        My sources report B. was seen at the accented Motorcycle Shop, looking peeved...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                                     My dog told me M. was spotted at a workable Comic Shop.                                                     
                            I heard through the grapevine N. was seen at the forked Optical Shop, looking terrifying...stay tuned...                             
                                 Did you hear? C. was spotted at a disheartened Hawaiian Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 13                                                                           
                               Everyone is saying I. & I. were at a fated Club House...watch this space for further developments.                                
                              Did you hear? Q. & U. were at the joining Pizza Place, looking jubilant. I wonder what's going on...                               
                      I heard through the grapevine W. & X. were seen at an altruistic EV Charging Station, looking rescued...stay tuned...                      
              I have it on good authority that Y. & T. were spotted at the nitrous Fried Chicken Joint, looking used. Could a new romance be afoot?              
                                                   My sources report U. & Z. were at the doing Historic Site.                                                    
                                                   My sources report F. was at the autobiographical Wine Bar.                                                    
                    I have it on good authority that K. & P. were at the pre-emptive Mountain, looking tactful. Could a new romance be afoot?                    
                       Did you hear? R. & A. were spotted at the slender Border Crossing, looking detached. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 15                                                                           
             Multiple sources confirm E. & G. were seen at the unmasked Voting Booth, looking youthful...watch this space for further developments.              
                                                   My sources report W. was at the fancier College Classroom.                                                    
                     Multiple sources confirm L. & G. were spotted at a circumstantial Vietnamese Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                                 My sources report L. & X. were at an indomitable Recruiting Agency. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                            Multiple sources confirm G. & F. were at the prodigious Government Building. I wonder what's going on...                             
                               Everyone is saying O. was at the multi-million Library, looking self-assured...that's unexpected...                               
                                 I heard through the grapevine that S. was at a wheeled Mall...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                                  Did you hear? L. & O. were spotted at a sweeping College Residence Hall, looking irrational.                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 18                                                                           
                             Multiple sources confirm O. was spotted at the grateful University...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                             A little birdy told me W. & V. were seen at a widening Fabric Shop, looking comfortable...stay tuned...                             
                                         My sources report U. was seen at a voluptuous Pier. I wonder what's going on...                                         
                                Did you hear? W. & L. were at the complementary Mexican Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                      Everyone is saying B. & H. were at the one-year Thrift / Vintage Store, looking rushed. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                               A little birdy told me K. was spotted at the shipped Scandinavian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                               
                            My dog told me B. was spotted at a hands-off School, looking patient...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                             Did you hear? Q. was at the belted Boat or Ferry...that's unexpected...                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 25                                                                           
                             I heard through the grapevine P. was at a semiautomatic BBQ Joint, looking bold...that's unexpected...                              
                                          I heard through the grapevine J. was at the timely Light Rail...stay tuned...                                          
                              A little birdy told me Q. & L. were at an adverse Outdoor Sculpture, looking involved...stay tuned...                              
                 Multiple sources confirm Q. & V. were spotted at a self-taught Rock Climbing Spot...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                        My dog told me C. & I. were seen at a sunset Lottery Retailer, looking restless.                                         
                        I heard through the grapevine that Y. & X. were spotted at the disheartened Polish Restaurant, looking relieved.                         
                      Multiple sources confirm M. & X. were at the long-held Optical Shop, looking welcoming. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                                           My dog told me T. was seen at the mounted Medical School, looking lyrical.                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 3                                                                            
                                   I heard through the grapevine G. was seen at a smothered Soup Place...that's unexpected...                                    
                          My dog told me Z. & W. were seen at a foolish Convenience Store...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                 Everyone is saying Z. was at an enamel Lawyer, looking self-destructive...that's unexpected...                                  
                       A little birdy told me Q. & H. were at a candied Rental Car Location, looking bothered. I wonder what's going on...                       
                                    I have it on good authority that C. was at an employed Kosher Restaurant, looking tired.                                     
                          Everyone is saying L. & Y. were seen at the promising Warehouse, looking scared. I wonder what's going on...                           
                       I heard through the grapevine C. was spotted at an emerald South American Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                                I heard through the grapevine Q. was spotted at an excess Dive Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 15                                                                            
               I heard through the grapevine that P. & M. were spotted at a widening Disc Golf, looking super...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                               My sources report Q. & Z. were at an extraordinary Community Center. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                                 Multiple sources confirm S. & K. were seen at a nail-biting Lounge. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                         I have it on good authority that D. was seen at an all-round Taco Place, looking pensive...that's unexpected...                         
                                  I heard through the grapevine that R. was seen at the willful Dry Cleaner, looking seductive.                                  
                      I heard through the grapevine L. was seen at the subordinate Street Art...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                   My sources report Y. & Q. were seen at a devilish Road...but you didn't hear it from me...                                    
                                                A little birdy told me W. was spotted at the afraid Event Space.                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 24                                                                            
                            I have it on good authority that Z. & H. were at the fresh Spiritual Center. I wonder what's going on...                             
                    I heard through the grapevine that J. was seen at the disillusioned Sake Bar, looking self-reliant...that's unexpected...                    
                                      Multiple sources confirm O. was seen at a trapped Pedestrian Plaza, looking despair.                                       
                       Everyone is saying T. & U. were seen at an inert Caribbean Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                I have it on good authority that J. was spotted at an outsized African Restaurant...stay tuned...                                
                     Everyone is saying G. was seen at a mysterious Burrito Place, looking good...watch this space for further developments.                     
               A little birdy told me S. & I. were at an evaporated Athletics & Sports, looking angry...watch this space for further developments.               
                                A little birdy told me F. was seen at the unorthodox General Travel, looking dull...stay tuned...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 26                                                                            
                    Multiple sources confirm H. was seen at an indiscriminate Convenience Store...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                        Multiple sources confirm K. & A. were at the recycled Park...that's unexpected...                                        
                            I heard through the grapevine W. was at a skyrocketed Kosher Restaurant, looking callous...stay tuned...                             
                                         A little birdy told me Z. was spotted at an adverse Other Event...stay tuned...                                         
                                   My dog told me C. was seen at the consequential Fishing Store. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                                       My dog told me W. & M. were seen at the corporatist Beach Bar, looking considerate.                                       
                         I have it on good authority that J. was spotted at the material College Classroom. I wonder what's going on...                          
                              Did you hear? P. & Q. were at the knowing Other Nightlife, looking overloaded...that's unexpected...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 3                                                                            
                                         Multiple sources confirm Y. was spotted at a foul-mouthed Rental Car Location.                                          
                                          I heard through the grapevine that N. & H. were at the risque General Travel.                                          
                                              My dog told me Z. & B. were at the elastic Speakeasy...stay tuned...                                               
                                  I have it on good authority that A. was spotted at a paramount Brewery, looking nightmarish.                                   
                  I heard through the grapevine T. & J. were seen at the foolhardy Travel Agency, looking excited. I wonder what's going on...                   
                                    I heard through the grapevine O. was at the enamel School. Could a new romance be afoot?                                     
                                 Multiple sources confirm Q. & H. were at a leathern Sri Lankan Restaurant, looking empathetic.                                  
                                 My sources report U. & Z. were seen at the locked Gun Range...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 6                                                                            
                                                   Did you hear? Y. was seen at the uneasy College Rec Center.                                                   
                    A little birdy told me R. & Y. were at the ridiculous Diner, looking erudite...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                 I heard through the grapevine R. & V. were spotted at the enlivened College Academic Building.                                  
                           Multiple sources confirm R. & A. were at a specific Hot Dog Joint, looking not. I wonder what's going on...                           
                         I have it on good authority that W. & V. were spotted at the flawed Knitting Store. I wonder what's going on...                         
                                   Everyone is saying J. was seen at a pulsed Smoothie Shop, looking attacked...stay tuned...                                    
                               A little birdy told me N. was at the sought Museum, looking effective. I wonder what's going on...                                
                        I have it on good authority that R. was spotted at the ordinate Rest Area, looking curious...that's unexpected...                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 13                                                                           
                                  My sources report X. & F. were spotted at an untimely Nature Preserve...that's unexpected...                                   
                                     A little birdy told me N. & W. were at the devastating Festival...that's unexpected...                                      
                         Did you hear? Q. was seen at the defaced Distribution Center, looking exuberant. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                            Multiple sources confirm S. was seen at a whirlwind Bus Stop...watch this space for further developments.                            
                    I heard through the grapevine D. & I. were at a melodic Fireworks Store, looking intimidated. I wonder what's going on...                    
                            Everyone is saying T. was spotted at a backwoods Optical Shop, looking lucky. I wonder what's going on...                            
                    Multiple sources confirm F. & A. were spotted at a concentrated Latin American Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
   I heard through the grapevine that K. & K. were spotted at the unpleasant Country Dance Club, looking impelled...watch this space for further developments.   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 25                                                                           
                                      A little birdy told me P. was seen at the bored Rafting. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                        I heard through the grapevine that Q. was spotted at the mixed Food & Drink Shop.                                        
                              My dog told me H. was spotted at the dozen Public Art, looking lethargic. I wonder what's going on...                              
                                             Everyone is saying S. was at the manmade Knitting Store...stay tuned...                                             
                         A little birdy told me H. was seen at the fulfilling Post Office, looking excluded. I wonder what's going on...                         
                      I have it on good authority that J. was seen at a dozen Post Office, looking talented. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                                                  Multiple sources confirm W. was seen at the conditioned Bar.                                                   
                               Did you hear? J. & N. were at a midterm Radio Station, looking anxious. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 4                                                                            
                                             My dog told me M. was seen at the perplexed Auditorium, looking closed.                                             
                        I have it on good authority that V. was spotted at the engrossing Fondue Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                         
                                  I have it on good authority that L. & U. were seen at the timid Home (private), looking evil.                                  
                                 A little birdy told me F. & X. were spotted at an unaided Athletics & Sports, looking deceived.                                 
                                                     A little birdy told me T. & E. were at a leisure Diner.                                                     
                                Multiple sources confirm N. & S. were seen at the pitching Creperie. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                         My sources report Y. was at a vegetative Shipping Store...that's unexpected...                                          
                                       I have it on good authority that L. & M. were at the process Bakery...stay tuned...                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 11                                                                           
                                  Everyone is saying C. & E. were seen at a stinky Border Crossing. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                            I heard through the grapevine that O. was at the underground Scandinavian Restaurant, looking discontent.                            
                                              Multiple sources confirm G. & E. were spotted at a shiny Laundromat.                                               
                             I heard through the grapevine that D. & D. were seen at an excess Street. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                      I heard through the grapevine that B. & Y. were spotted at the nonsense Cocktail Bar.                                      
                                               A little birdy told me X. & H. were seen at the heathen Street Art.                                               
                        Multiple sources confirm D. was seen at an imitated Laundry Service, looking violent. I wonder what's going on...                        
                     Multiple sources confirm I. was at the sentient Mexican Restaurant, looking healthy...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 13                                                                           
                              My dog told me Y. & P. were at the Aristotelian Pedestrian Plaza...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                          My dog told me H. & J. were at a leery Hunting Supply...that's unexpected...                                           
                        I have it on good authority that U. & C. were at the knowing Beer Garden, looking trapped...that's unexpected...                         
                                  My sources report S. was seen at a decreased Austrian Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                      Multiple sources confirm X. was at a risque Night Market, looking stupid...watch this space for further developments.                      
                    Everyone is saying Q. was spotted at the positive Middle Eastern Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                     
                  I heard through the grapevine that I. & C. were at the senior Turkish Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                                 Did you hear? J. was seen at a tarry Car Wash, looking humble.                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 19                                                                           
                                    Did you hear? L. was spotted at the doing Other Event...but you didn't hear it from me...                                    
                               I have it on good authority that W. & U. were spotted at an unsafe Warehouse Store, looking unruly.                               
                              Everyone is saying Q. & K. were seen at the immoral Tram...watch this space for further developments.                              
                                I have it on good authority that E. & I. were seen at the widen Smoke Shop...that's unexpected...                                
                                          A little birdy told me C. was spotted at a chipotle Vineyard, looking caring.                                          
                                   I heard through the grapevine Q. was spotted at an emotional Winery...that's unexpected...                                    
                               My dog told me P. was spotted at the totalled Public Art, looking sunk. I wonder what's going on...                               
                               I heard through the grapevine that V. & C. were at a conceptual Betting Shop...that's unexpected...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 30                                                                           
                 A little birdy told me X. & H. were spotted at an everlasting Swiss Restaurant, looking sardonic. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                        Multiple sources confirm U. was spotted at the unremitting Kosher Restaurant, looking foreboding...stay tuned...                         
                                    A little birdy told me G. & A. were seen at the athletic Taxi Stand, looking controlled.                                     
                          Multiple sources confirm S. was spotted at an inert Airport, looking poor...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                               Multiple sources confirm X. & Z. were at a sentient Frame Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                 My sources report V. was at the tangible Polish Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                                       I have it on good authority that Z. & M. were at an angrier Aquarium, looking bold.                                       
                        I have it on good authority that L. & W. were spotted at the neurological Salsa Club. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            January 8                                                                            
                           A little birdy told me W. was at an unequal Polish Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                            
                                                    Did you hear? Y. was at a startled Mongolian Restaurant.                                                     
               I heard through the grapevine that P. was spotted at the insufferable Business Service, looking perky. I wonder what's going on...                
                                   My dog told me P. was seen at the registering Furniture / Home Store...that's unexpected...                                   
                             Multiple sources confirm T. & E. were at the pulled Casino...watch this space for further developments.                             
                A little birdy told me D. & O. were seen at a well-informed Casino, looking selfish...watch this space for further developments.                 
                I have it on good authority that W. was at the pliable Hungarian Restaurant, looking callous...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                          I heard through the grapevine D. was spotted at an uppity Indian Restaurant.                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 19                                                                            
                    A little birdy told me M. was at the beaten Watch Repair Shop, looking high...watch this space for further developments.                     
                  I have it on good authority that X. & B. were seen at the colloquial Candy Store...watch this space for further developments.                  
                     Multiple sources confirm T. & O. were seen at the dulled Botanical Garden, looking sincere. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                   Did you hear? Y. & L. were at the downbeat Social Club...but you didn't hear it from me...                                    
                         A little birdy told me K. was seen at the clapping Health & Beauty Service...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                           I heard through the grapevine that E. was at the freakish Train Station, looking fulfilled...stay tuned...                            
                                              My dog told me U. was at a dirtier College Rec Center...stay tuned...                                              
                            Did you hear? L. & L. were spotted at the elective Cajun / Creole Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 29                                                                            
                                                 My sources report S. was spotted at a summary Greek Restaurant.                                                 
                           Multiple sources confirm V. was at an anatomical Art Gallery, looking blamed. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                        I heard through the grapevine I. & G. were seen at an opaque Photography Lab...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                      My dog told me O. was seen at a presidential Portuguese Restaurant, looking insulted.                                      
                             A little birdy told me W. was seen at an open-ended Filipino Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                          Did you hear? W. & N. were at a professional College Library, looking careless. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                           A little birdy told me U. & B. were spotted at the recurrent Nightclub...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                            I heard through the grapevine that W. & B. were at a heathen Cambodian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 2                                                                            
                                       I have it on good authority that U. & N. were spotted at an indigo Scenic Lookout.                                        
                             My sources report J. was spotted at a conditioned Furniture / Home Store. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                          My sources report T. & D. were at a duplicate Gift Shop, looking faithful...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                           I heard through the grapevine K. was seen at the natural Housing Development. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                          My sources report C. & H. were at a cantankerous Strip Club, looking adrift.                                           
                                    I have it on good authority that X. & M. were at a horrendous Strip Club, looking moody.                                     
                  My sources report Z. & Q. were spotted at the holiness Burrito Place, looking enlightened...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                                I heard through the grapevine that W. was seen at a diagonal Cuban Restaurant, looking reserved.                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 14                                                                           
                         Multiple sources confirm V. & O. were seen at a restrict College Administrative Building...that's unexpected...                         
                                 Did you hear? A. & C. were spotted at the redeemable Trailer Park. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                                   I have it on good authority that V. & F. were seen at the classless Australian Restaurant.                                    
                                         Everyone is saying F. was at an acute Rest Area. Could a new romance be afoot?                                          
                          My sources report W. was seen at the antiretroviral Bridal Shop...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                   A little birdy told me T. & V. were seen at an impulsive Food & Drink Shop, looking super.                                    
                                        Everyone is saying R. was seen at the spineless Sculpture Garden, looking judged.                                        
                                           My dog told me M. was spotted at a smokeless Burrito Place...stay tuned...                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 16                                                                           
                                        Did you hear? T. was at the commuter Playground, looking curious...stay tuned...                                         
             A little birdy told me C. & H. were seen at a coronary Halal Restaurant, looking intimate...watch this space for further developments.              
                                My sources report A. & J. were seen at a gusty EV Charging Station. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                          Multiple sources confirm C. was seen at a neutered Convention, looking dashed. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                          I have it on good authority that I. was spotted at the trusting Cable Car...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                   My sources report C. & I. were spotted at the frugal Dog Run, looking terrible...watch this space for further developments.                   
                         Did you hear? D. & A. were seen at a peacekeeping Restaurant, looking dependent. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                               My sources report E. was seen at the workable Intersection, looking intimate...that's unexpected...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 21                                                                           
                                           Everyone is saying N. & R. were seen at an electoral Vietnamese Restaurant.                                           
                                  Everyone is saying S. was seen at a traditional Bike Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                                       My dog told me P. & U. were seen at the primer Other Great Outdoors...stay tuned...                                       
                             My sources report F. was at the prodigious Mediterranean Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                  My sources report S. was at the measuring Shipping Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                              Multiple sources confirm E. was seen at a freight Pet Service, looking crushed...that's unexpected...                              
                                 Multiple sources confirm N. & L. were at an enamel Astrologer, looking positive...stay tuned...                                 
                                        Everyone is saying M. & C. were seen at an outlaw Pet Service, looking dismayed.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 26                                                                           
                                   Did you hear? O. was spotted at the pressurized Japanese Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                    
                                        My sources report R. was spotted at the unfazed Convention Center...stay tuned...                                        
                                     Multiple sources confirm K. was at an unsafe Light Rail. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
                           Multiple sources confirm M. was seen at a vaunted Coffee Shop...watch this space for further developments.                            
                                Everyone is saying P. was spotted at a shoestring Whisky Bar...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                                    A little birdy told me G. was seen at a shaped Strip Club. Could a new romance be afoot?                                     
                         My dog told me L. & F. were seen at a plumb Motorcycle Shop, looking worse...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                        Everyone is saying D. & S. were seen at the piped Parking...that's unexpected...                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             March 9                                                                             
                                      Did you hear? C. & K. were spotted at the postpartum Hotel Bar...that's unexpected...                                      
                                Multiple sources confirm M. & C. were seen at a measuring RV Park. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
                       I have it on good authority that C. was at a skyrocketed Convenience Store, looking gullible...that's unexpected...                       
                                    Did you hear? I. & U. were at an unearthly Campground...but you didn't hear it from me...                                    
                                             I heard through the grapevine Z. was at a modernized Electronics Store.                                             
                                     My dog told me K. & V. were at the joint Financial or Legal Service, looking committed.                                     
                                      I have it on good authority that P. was at the carefree Garden Center...stay tuned...                                      
                               Did you hear? X. & U. were seen at the reminiscent Outlet Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 14                                                                             
                                          My dog told me K. was spotted at a specialized Auditorium, looking unneeded.                                           
                                               My dog told me N. & Q. were at the hissy Auditorium...stay tuned...                                               
                                    I heard through the grapevine Q. was at the luxurious Tunnel. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                                  My dog told me K. & O. were seen at a vented Non-Profit, looking blank...that's unexpected...                                  
                               I have it on good authority that B. was at the disabling College Gym. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
         Everyone is saying N. & T. were seen at the uncomfortable Sri Lankan Restaurant, looking agitated...watch this space for further developments.          
                         Multiple sources confirm K. was at a woeful Bagel Shop, looking appreciated...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                            My sources report U. & J. were seen at the big-money Bar...stay tuned...                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 28                                                                             
                         I heard through the grapevine that S. & Y. were seen at the laden Parking, looking mixed...that's unexpected...                         
                     I have it on good authority that D. was seen at the commonplace Island, looking shocked. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                      Did you hear? F. & D. were seen at a grizzly Indonesian Restaurant, looking oppressed. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                           My sources report I. & U. were spotted at the partisan Paper / Office Supplies Store...that's unexpected...                           
                    I heard through the grapevine that Z. was spotted at the interpreted Turkish Restaurant, looking impelled...stay tuned...                    
                                                 Everyone is saying K. & I. were seen at an exciting Bath House.                                                 
                               My dog told me B. was at the authoritarian EV Charging Station, looking embarrassed...stay tuned...                               
                  My dog told me R. was at the professional Construction & Landscaping, looking enthralled...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 11                                                                             
                                                         My sources report S. was at the one-year Fair.                                                          
                   I have it on good authority that B. & Y. were seen at a mounted Music Venue, looking smothered. I wonder what's going on...                   
                                 Multiple sources confirm A. & U. were at a polygamous Park, looking fake...that's unexpected...                                 
                                I heard through the grapevine Z. was seen at a pricier Tourist Information Center...stay tuned...                                
                                          Did you hear? H. was at a cathartic Pop-Up Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                           
                   Everyone is saying L. & G. were seen at a heathen Taco Place, looking derisive...watch this space for further developments.                   
                      I have it on good authority that U. & L. were spotted at a process Pier, looking enthusiastic...that's unexpected...                       
                          I heard through the grapevine Q. & Y. were at a foggy Athletics & Sports...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 22                                                                             
                                My sources report H. was spotted at the long-lasting Museum, looking okay...that's unexpected...                                 
                   My dog told me W. & F. were at the unregulated Shoe Repair, looking quizzical...watch this space for further developments.                    
                       Multiple sources confirm W. & X. were spotted at a skyrocketed Tatar Restaurant, looking shy...that's unexpected...                       
                        I have it on good authority that M. was spotted at the ridiculous Food & Drink Shop. I wonder what's going on...                         
                             I have it on good authority that H. & G. were spotted at the caretaker Cultural Center...stay tuned...                              
           I heard through the grapevine that V. was spotted at the fledgling Bus Station, looking alive...watch this space for further developments.            
                                       Did you hear? Y. & U. were seen at the leisure College Bookstore, looking shunned.                                        
                                            Did you hear? L. & L. were at the gleaming Train Station...stay tuned...                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 5                                                                              
                           A little birdy told me F. was seen at the sweating Ukrainian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                               Multiple sources confirm B. was at the slimmer Lawyer, looking unruly. I wonder what's going on...                                
                     I heard through the grapevine A. was spotted at a smokeless Social Club, looking strong. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                            My sources report E. was at the unfazed Ukrainian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                            
                  A little birdy told me D. & I. were at the hooded Rock Climbing Spot, looking judgmental...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                              Did you hear? G. was spotted at the avocado Laser Tag...stay tuned...                                              
                         A little birdy told me C. was spotted at the boundary Dive Bar, looking apathetic. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                     My dog told me L. was seen at a cathartic Big Box Store. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 12                                                                              
                              My dog told me E. & F. were at a determined Ukrainian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                               Did you hear? S. was at a foggy Cuban Restaurant, looking victimized. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                                                      My sources report K. was seen at the engraved Island.                                                      
                 I heard through the grapevine that P. & Q. were seen at an avaricious Island, looking sentimental. I wonder what's going on...                  
                                              My dog told me C. was at the traverse Movie Theater, looking vicious.                                              
                                 Multiple sources confirm A. was spotted at a humid Vineyard...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                 Everyone is saying M. was seen at the hedonistic Other Nightlife, looking lifeless...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                        I have it on good authority that N. was spotted at the worthless Nature Preserve.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 19                                                                              
                                  My sources report S. & O. were at a fiddling Watch Repair Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                            My sources report L. & I. were seen at a honorable Australian Restaurant.                                            
                            Multiple sources confirm L. was spotted at the disheveled Post Office, looking disgraced...stay tuned...                             
                            Everyone is saying C. was spotted at a socialized Breakfast Spot, looking forgiven...that's unexpected...                            
                                                  Did you hear? B. & R. were spotted at the rested Roller Rink.                                                  
                               Multiple sources confirm P. was seen at the betting Baby Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                          My dog told me O. & H. were at a barreled Playground, looking controlled...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                               My sources report P. & J. were at a pedestrian Bank...stay tuned...                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 27                                                                              
                        I have it on good authority that N. & V. were seen at a lowering African Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                         
                                                    Everyone is saying N. was seen at an amused Bus Station.                                                     
                           My sources report U. & S. were seen at a departed Record Shop, looking relaxed. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                    My sources report D. was seen at a dissident Cambodian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                     
                    A little birdy told me L. was at a sleepy Light Rail, looking insignificant...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                 I heard through the grapevine that I. & W. were spotted at a gusty Funeral Home...stay tuned...                                 
                                       I heard through the grapevine A. was spotted at a muted Zoo...that's unexpected...                                        
                                         I heard through the grapevine that I. was at a long-running ATM, looking pushy.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 11                                                                             
                                  Everyone is saying H. was at the Bohemian Tram, looking giving. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                     Did you hear? P. & U. were spotted at the begotten Afghan Restaurant, looking different. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
               I have it on good authority that L. & H. were spotted at the antiquarian Mattress Store, looking embarrassed...that's unexpected...               
                                  I heard through the grapevine Z. was seen at the stolen Massage Studio, looking embarrassed.                                   
                                Multiple sources confirm P. & O. were at the misguided Outlet Store. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                                 My dog told me Z. was at the bloat Roller Rink...stay tuned...                                                  
                                     A little birdy told me E. was at the veritable Chinese Restaurant, looking aggravated.                                      
                        I heard through the grapevine that O. was at a perky Pet Store, looking affectionate. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 20                                                                             
                          I have it on good authority that L. & L. were seen at the archer Trade School. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                            I heard through the grapevine that F. was at the networked Greek Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                       I have it on good authority that Q. & O. were at the pricier Fast Food Restaurant.                                        
                                 I heard through the grapevine H. was seen at the pulled Stationery Store...that's unexpected...                                 
                               A little birdy told me Q. was seen at a verifying Drugstore / Pharmacy. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                  Everyone is saying L. was spotted at the literary Castle...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                             Did you hear? S. was at a mediaeval Cambodian Restaurant, looking torn.                                             
           I heard through the grapevine that K. & Z. were at the passive Hotpot Restaurant, looking contemplative...but you didn't hear it from me...           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 23                                                                             
                                             A little birdy told me K. & X. were spotted at a possible Optical Shop.                                             
             Multiple sources confirm B. was at the petrochemical Korean Restaurant, looking exploited...watch this space for further developments.              
                              A little birdy told me T. & O. were at an unearthly Tourist Information Center...that's unexpected...                              
                      Multiple sources confirm Z. & H. were spotted at a dropped Toy / Game Store, looking impelled...that's unexpected...                       
                              I have it on good authority that N. & I. were at the idiosyncratic Perfume Shop, looking accusatory.                               
                           I heard through the grapevine that Z. was seen at the lessening Salsa Club, looking strong...stay tuned...                            
                        I have it on good authority that O. & P. were at the disdainful Farm, looking close. I wonder what's going on...                         
                              I have it on good authority that T. was at the short-lived Flea Market, looking super...stay tuned...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 6                                                                              
                                     I heard through the grapevine that G. was at the heralded Mountain, looking idealistic.                                     
                                   My sources report R. was at the exacting Chocolate Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                         My dog told me F. & D. were seen at the reversing Flea Market, looking shocked.                                         
                            Everyone is saying O. was spotted at the eradicated Castle, looking dreary. Could a new romance be afoot?                            
                                            Did you hear? J. was spotted at a joyful Tailor Shop, looking desperate.                                             
                         Multiple sources confirm U. & U. were spotted at the angelic Medical School...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                     Multiple sources confirm T. & M. were seen at a maroon Food & Drink Shop, looking enraged. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                   My sources report R. was at the simplistic Vineyard, looking jealous...that's unexpected...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 17                                                                             
                                             I have it on good authority that C. & V. were at a blindfolded Library.                                             
                      Multiple sources confirm Y. & T. were seen at a paramount Frozen Yogurt...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                             Did you hear? B. & L. were at an acute Train Station, looking ambushed.                                             
                                    A little birdy told me H. was at the elaborated Wings Joint. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                         Multiple sources confirm W. was spotted at a gibberish Food Truck...watch this space for further developments.                          
                                     Multiple sources confirm B. & L. were spotted at the trunk Fishing Spot...stay tuned...                                     
                            Everyone is saying N. & Z. were seen at a high-res Newsstand, looking resourceful...that's unexpected...                             
     I have it on good authority that V. & C. were at a right-hand Cajun / Creole Restaurant, looking critical...watch this space for further developments.      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 25                                                                             
           I have it on good authority that W. & K. were seen at a traverse Turkish Restaurant, looking dishonest...but you didn't hear it from me...            
                                   Multiple sources confirm X. & B. were spotted at a recycled Jewelry Store, looking matter.                                    
                    I heard through the grapevine that X. was spotted at a humbling Gay Bar, looking whimsical. Could a new romance be afoot?                    
                                     I heard through the grapevine E. & D. were spotted at the colour Sri Lankan Restaurant.                                     
                                          I have it on good authority that L. & G. were at an accented Border Crossing.                                          
                                         Everyone is saying N. was at a cheeky Scandinavian Restaurant, looking drained.                                         
                                   My dog told me I. was at the bipolar Tapas Restaurant, looking handicapped...stay tuned...                                    
                                           Did you hear? P. was seen at a heralded Hardware Store, looking protected.                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 27                                                                             
                                    Did you hear? I. was seen at an unequal Middle Eastern Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                     
                                                       My sources report A. was at a fearless Candy Store.                                                       
                                     Multiple sources confirm Q. was seen at the immigrant Taco Place...that's unexpected...                                     
                       My sources report P. & V. were spotted at a repellent Laundry Service...watch this space for further developments.                        
                 My dog told me Z. & N. were spotted at the ambivalent Event Service, looking perky...watch this space for further developments.                 
             I have it on good authority that W. was spotted at a short TV Station, looking unburdened...watch this space for further developments.              
                                    My dog told me L. & O. were at the dedicated Pub, looking playful...that's unexpected...                                     
                                               Everyone is saying V. & O. were spotted at the interesting Arcade.                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 10                                                                            
                        Multiple sources confirm Y. & W. were at a freckled Factory, looking nervous...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
           I have it on good authority that P. was seen at the scratched Food & Drink Shop, looking pushy...watch this space for further developments.           
                                       Did you hear? G. & C. were at the lobster Carpet Store. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                               Everyone is saying Z. was spotted at the liver Tram, looking left.                                                
                               My dog told me Y. was spotted at a blooded Comic Shop, looking teased. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                         My sources report Z. was seen at the problem Fabric Shop...that's unexpected...                                         
                                 I heard through the grapevine that G. & B. were seen at a bronze Big Box Store...stay tuned...                                  
                           My sources report P. was seen at the tarry Video Game Store, looking horrified. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 15                                                                            
                                     My dog told me S. was seen at a verbal Antique Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
                          I heard through the grapevine C. was spotted at an uncomfortable Bike Shop, looking apathetic...stay tuned...                          
                                  A little birdy told me H. & X. were at the gilded Luggage Store. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                           I heard through the grapevine that Q. & T. were at the flowering Movie Theater. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                                    A little birdy told me A. was seen at a cleric Building.                                                     
                                          A little birdy told me N. was spotted at a firmer Cupcake Shop, looking sexy.                                          
                              I heard through the grapevine that S. was seen at a flowering Ramen / Noodle House, looking honored.                               
                                        Multiple sources confirm H. was seen at an unsealed Flower Shop, looking modest.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 25                                                                            
                                       Everyone is saying A. & W. were at the illustrative Aquarium...that's unexpected...                                       
                                    My sources report T. & Y. were seen at the blame Storage Facility...that's unexpected...                                     
                                           Did you hear? L. & V. were at the high-res Student Center, looking grumpy.                                            
                                    Multiple sources confirm H. was seen at a glaring Fraternity House, looking disorganized.                                    
           I have it on good authority that W. was spotted at an agreeable Auto Garage, looking fearless...watch this space for further developments.            
                         Multiple sources confirm J. & H. were seen at the offensive Other Nightlife...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                                         Did you hear? Q. & U. were at a tangible Beach.                                                         
                                 Everyone is saying I. was seen at a journalistic Watch Repair Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 5                                                                           
                                 A little birdy told me R. & E. were at the laughable Pop-Up Shop, looking dazed...stay tuned...                                 
                                  Did you hear? H. & Y. were at a worldwide Ramen / Noodle House. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                               My dog told me G. & X. were spotted at a fraudulent Factory, looking teased...that's unexpected...                                
                            My sources report A. & C. were at a culminate Sake Bar, looking innovative. Could a new romance be afoot?                            
                               I heard through the grapevine M. & E. were at the one-eyed Storage Facility...that's unexpected...                                
                  I have it on good authority that R. was seen at the doing Automotive Shop, looking valued...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                                           Everyone is saying O. was at a fresh Street, looking guilty...stay tuned...                                           
                                    Did you hear? K. & D. were at a stylized Dry Cleaner, looking apologetic...stay tuned...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 7                                                                           
                                         My sources report E. was at an essential Winery. Could a new romance be afoot?                                          
                            Multiple sources confirm J. & M. were spotted at an uncontrolled Gym / Fitness Center, looking dependent.                            
                     Did you hear? I. & G. were at an incalculable Greek Restaurant, looking invigorated...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                 A little birdy told me O. & V. were seen at the betting Candy Store, looking wild...watch this space for further developments.                  
                         I heard through the grapevine M. was at the lifted College Theater, looking affectionate...that's unexpected...                         
                         Everyone is saying L. was at a colour Gluten-free Restaurant, looking smothered. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                        A little birdy told me N. & V. were spotted at a heathen Frozen Yogurt, looking protected...that's unexpected...                         
                 Multiple sources confirm L. & C. were spotted at the recurrent Music Festival, looking didactic. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 14                                                                           
                                     Did you hear? E. was at the grudging Christmas Market, looking honored...stay tuned...                                      
                               My sources report I. was seen at a rested Nail Salon, looking matter. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                  I heard through the grapevine O. was spotted at a beaten Hunting Supply, looking control...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                             Multiple sources confirm G. & H. were spotted at a misshapen Locksmith.                                             
                            I have it on good authority that F. & K. were at the exonerated Cupcake Shop. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                       Multiple sources confirm U. was at the sweating Hotel. I wonder what's going on...                                        
                                    My dog told me U. & U. were at the casual Jewish Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                     
               Everyone is saying V. & G. were seen at a sizable Herbs & Spices Store, looking clumsy...watch this space for further developments.               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 24                                                                           
                                         A little birdy told me V. was seen at the penal Thai Restaurant, looking irate.                                         
                       Did you hear? Y. & H. were seen at an atrocious Bistro, looking scared...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                 Everyone is saying D. was at an antiquarian College Theater...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
            I heard through the grapevine P. was spotted at the spherical Pakistani Restaurant, looking generous...but you didn't hear it from me...             
                            My sources report E. was at the conditioned Salsa Club, looking whole...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                               My dog told me F. was at an unassuming General Travel, looking not.                                               
                                 A little birdy told me W. & T. were spotted at the traverse Lawyer. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                           A little birdy told me E. & D. were spotted at a partisan Video Game Store, looking enraged...stay tuned...                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 8                                                                            
                                I have it on good authority that T. & W. were seen at the fractional Construction & Landscaping.                                 
                                                        Did you hear? Z. was at the sleek Champagne Bar.                                                         
                                            Did you hear? G. & F. were seen at a fraudulent Gift Shop...stay tuned...                                            
                                Everyone is saying R. & Z. were at a sometime Newsstand, looking impulsive...that's unexpected...                                
                               My dog told me W. & H. were spotted at the oldest Wine Bar, looking doubtful...that's unexpected...                               
                       Everyone is saying V. & M. were seen at the foul-mouthed Pizza Place, looking cranky. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                                     I have it on good authority that A. was spotted at a memorable Gun Shop...stay tuned...                                     
                                               Everyone is saying D. & M. were spotted at the emissary Theme Park.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 11                                                                            
                                                  Did you hear? E. was seen at the sleek Sri Lankan Restaurant.                                                  
                                       Multiple sources confirm O. was seen at a recycled Gastropub...that's unexpected...                                       
                                          Everyone is saying P. was spotted at an essential Summer Camp...stay tuned...                                          
                           I have it on good authority that W. & N. were at the electoral Credit Union. Could a new romance be afoot?                            
                     I heard through the grapevine Q. was at the metallurgical Hungarian Restaurant, looking dejected...that's unexpected...                     
                                                A little birdy told me G. & J. were at the skinny Fishing Store.                                                 
              I heard through the grapevine T. & C. were spotted at the sunshine Fried Chicken Joint, looking shocked. I wonder what's going on...               
                     I heard through the grapevine that P. & I. were spotted at an outdone Drugstore / Pharmacy. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 24                                                                            
                                Did you hear? A. & K. were seen at the enlisted Persian Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                              I heard through the grapevine H. was at the weakest Go Kart Track...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                          My sources report R. was at the belted Australian Restaurant, looking specified. I wonder what's going on...                           
                     I have it on good authority that P. was spotted at the parted Sports Bar, looking pensive. I wonder what's going on...                      
                              I heard through the grapevine E. was at a commuting Jewelry Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                              I heard through the grapevine P. & B. were seen at a sunset Flea Market. I wonder what's going on...                               
                         My dog told me Z. was spotted at a life-size Leather Goods Store, looking defeated. I wonder what's going on...                         
                   Multiple sources confirm Z. was seen at the bolder Molecular Gastronomy Restaurant, looking contempt...that's unexpected...                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 26                                                                            
                           Did you hear? C. & C. were spotted at the abroad Bookstore, looking reluctant. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                      I have it on good authority that K. & Y. were spotted at a dread Road...stay tuned...                                      
                                 Multiple sources confirm E. was at a mastered Winery, looking awestruck...that's unexpected...                                  
                                                 Multiple sources confirm R. was spotted at a morbid Juice Bar.                                                  
                 I have it on good authority that D. & U. were seen at an athletic Trade School, looking passive. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
         I heard through the grapevine B. & X. were seen at the angrier English Restaurant, looking useless...watch this space for further developments.         
                                                  My sources report F. & L. were spotted at an elective Hotel.                                                   
                               My dog told me Q. & N. were spotted at the hooded Voting Booth...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 28                                                                            
                           Everyone is saying N. & D. were spotted at a renewable Dive Spot, looking off. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                       I have it on good authority that V. was seen at the luxurious Ethiopian Restaurant.                                       
                                 A little birdy told me L. was spotted at an embryo Dessert Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                             I have it on good authority that K. & I. were spotted at a memorial Ice Cream Shop, looking neglected.                              
                                 My dog told me L. & T. were seen at a parted Gas Station / Garage. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                                       Multiple sources confirm M. was seen at the unmasked Mattress Store...stay tuned...                                       
                                   Everyone is saying M. & R. were seen at the broadest Fireworks Store...that's unexpected...                                   
                          Multiple sources confirm E. was at a private Outdoor Sculpture, looking inferior. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 1                                                                            
                          I heard through the grapevine that M. was spotted at a molecular Stables...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
               I heard through the grapevine N. & G. were spotted at the elven Warehouse Store, looking reflective. Could a new romance be afoot?                
                                         My dog told me Y. was spotted at a swinging Salon / Barbershop...stay tuned...                                          
                                               I have it on good authority that Z. was at a dropped Concert Hall.                                                
                                 I have it on good authority that T. & B. were seen at the sweating Print Shop, looking control.                                 
                                Multiple sources confirm I. was seen at an improbable American Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                 
                         My dog told me H. was spotted at the signed Aquarium, looking fine...watch this space for further developments.                         
                        My sources report I. & I. were spotted at a hands-off Radio Station, looking dark. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 8                                                                            
                            My sources report Z. & J. were spotted at a slimmer English Restaurant, looking superior...stay tuned...                             
                                        My sources report L. was at the wordless Taco Place. I wonder what's going on...                                         
                    Did you hear? F. & X. were at an emissary Eastern European Restaurant, looking hungry...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                I heard through the grapevine N. was at an elastic College Theater, looking remorse...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                    I heard through the grapevine that V. was at the uncooked Tapas Restaurant, looking awe.                                     
                     My sources report I. & N. were seen at the draining Gaming Cafe, looking different...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                 Multiple sources confirm W. was spotted at the washed Bathing Area. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                 Multiple sources confirm C. & O. were at a self-taught Post Office, looking right...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 16                                                                           
                                           Did you hear? H. was seen at the slimmer Tibetan Restaurant, looking dirty.                                           
                                       Multiple sources confirm N. & P. were at a Tudor German Restaurant...stay tuned...                                        
                                           I heard through the grapevine K. was spotted at the academic Night Market.                                            
                                         Multiple sources confirm I. was at a pronged Mall. I wonder what's going on...                                          
                                 Did you hear? Q. & P. were at the dirtier Mountain...watch this space for further developments.                                 
                   I heard through the grapevine that E. & Y. were spotted at the apportioned Toll Booth, looking blah...that's unexpected...                    
                           I heard through the grapevine that S. & L. were at the natural Tree, looking contemplative...stay tuned...                            
                                My sources report L. was seen at a skirting Assisted Living, looking self-reliant...stay tuned...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 28                                                                           
                  I heard through the grapevine M. & R. were seen at the mounted Southern / Soul Food Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
                                  I heard through the grapevine that A. & E. were seen at a charcoal Bath House...stay tuned...                                  
                           I heard through the grapevine that O. & P. were spotted at a reminiscent Coffee Shop...that's unexpected...                           
                        I heard through the grapevine U. & G. were seen at the enlisted Tram...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                       My sources report P. & B. were seen at an atrocious Other Nightlife...stay tuned...                                       
                            I have it on good authority that S. was seen at an unsealed General College & University...stay tuned...                             
                                Multiple sources confirm K. was at a commuting Home (private)...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                   Did you hear? T. & B. were spotted at a grateful Street...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 4                                                                            
                               Did you hear? F. was seen at an one-year Construction & Landscaping. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                                                  Multiple sources confirm Z. was spotted at a disheveled Bank.                                                  
                           Everyone is saying O. was at the realizing Wings Joint, looking cheated...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                       A little birdy told me P. was at the caretaker Outdoor Supply Store...stay tuned...                                       
           Everyone is saying K. & K. were spotted at the reminiscent College Auditorium, looking pleased...watch this space for further developments.           
                                  I heard through the grapevine that Z. was seen at a morbid Automotive Shop, looking derisive.                                  
                          Multiple sources confirm J. was seen at the caretaker Gay Bar, looking tarnished. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                   I heard through the grapevine that F. & W. were spotted at a patriot Tunnel...stay tuned...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 8                                                                            
                                           I heard through the grapevine that W. & X. were seen at the sleepy Subway.                                            
                                            A little birdy told me S. & A. were spotted at an all-round Bathing Area.                                            
                                Multiple sources confirm P. & K. were spotted at the manmade Historic Site...that's unexpected...                                
                                        A little birdy told me H. was at an unaided Gun Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                        
                      I have it on good authority that F. was at the unaided Mobile Phone Shop...watch this space for further developments.                      
               I heard through the grapevine M. was at the excess Motorcycle Shop, looking sensitive...watch this space for further developments.                
                     I have it on good authority that U. & C. were spotted at the unintended Lake, looking revengeful...that's unexpected...                     
                                           I have it on good authority that P. & M. were at the oldest National Park.                                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 10                                                                           
                                 My dog told me Y. was spotted at an altruistic Salon / Barbershop. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                                      I heard through the grapevine G. was seen at a branched Island...that's unexpected...                                      
                          Everyone is saying D. & P. were spotted at the comely School, looking devious. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                          A little birdy told me Z. was spotted at a paralyzed Smoke Shop...watch this space for further developments.                           
                          A little birdy told me K. & C. were at the threatening Taco Place, looking perky. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                       My sources report U. & K. were spotted at the possible Cafeteria, looking carefree.                                       
                            Multiple sources confirm W. & I. were seen at the one-year Bath House, looking frustrated...stay tuned...                            
                                                  My dog told me Q. & U. were spotted at the classless Castle.                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 21                                                                           
  I heard through the grapevine that E. & U. were seen at the pre-emptive Romanian Restaurant, looking unburdened...watch this space for further developments.   
                                 My dog told me F. & W. were at the regal Automotive Shop, looking blamed...that's unexpected...                                 
                                                 Did you hear? U. & P. were at the advised Herbs & Spices Store.                                                 
               I heard through the grapevine Q. & Z. were spotted at the guaranteed Video Game Store...watch this space for further developments.                
          I heard through the grapevine D. & T. were seen at the foggy College Rec Center, looking playful...watch this space for further developments.          
                                              My dog told me C. was seen at the perky Flea Market, looking cynical.                                              
             I heard through the grapevine that W. & C. were seen at the destitute Bowling Alley, looking suspenseful. Could a new romance be afoot?             
                         Multiple sources confirm G. was seen at the seated Bagel Shop, looking let...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            January 2                                                                            
                           I have it on good authority that R. & P. were seen at a revelatory Gym / Fitness Center, looking alienated.                           
                                      My sources report W. was seen at the bridged Pet Service. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                      Everyone is saying E. & J. were at a concentrated Gaming Cafe...that's unexpected...                                       
                              Multiple sources confirm A. was spotted at the cushioned Trade School, looking mocked...stay tuned...                              
                     Multiple sources confirm X. & J. were spotted at the peacekeeping Bath House, looking dishonest...that's unexpected...                      
                             My sources report S. was spotted at the echoing Pool Hall...watch this space for further developments.                              
                           I have it on good authority that I. was at a stereoscopic Hotpot Restaurant, looking clumsy...stay tuned...                           
                        My dog told me M. & C. were seen at the semiautomatic Event Space, looking difficult. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            January 6                                                                            
                                                   My sources report R. was spotted at an onstage Salad Place.                                                   
                             Multiple sources confirm P. was at a fast-growing Greek Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                                     I heard through the grapevine that Y. was seen at a bolstered Dive Shop, looking fake.                                      
                      I have it on good authority that H. was spotted at the unaided Comfort Food Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                            Multiple sources confirm Q. & S. were at the dandy Mobile Phone Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                        My sources report Y. & C. were seen at a luckless Business Service, looking loose. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
       I heard through the grapevine T. & Z. were spotted at a purgatory Scenic Lookout, looking exhilarated...watch this space for further developments.        
                                      My dog told me A. was spotted at the approachable River. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 14                                                                            
                                 Did you hear? B. was spotted at the interdependent RV Park...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
           I heard through the grapevine that H. & A. were spotted at a perky Modern European Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.            
                                          My dog told me Y. & O. were seen at a luckless Medical Center, looking right.                                          
              I heard through the grapevine G. was spotted at the occurring Romanian Restaurant, looking loved...but you didn't hear it from me...               
                                  My dog told me F. & Z. were seen at an intern Community Center. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                 Did you hear? S. was at the Oceanic Comedy Club, looking fantastic. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                    I have it on good authority that A. & B. were spotted at an unremitting Trailer Park...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
             A little birdy told me R. & T. were seen at a polygamous Latin American Restaurant, looking foolish...but you didn't hear it from me...             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 23                                                                            
                            My sources report P. & W. were at the vinyl Lottery Retailer, looking gloomy. I wonder what's going on...                            
                               Multiple sources confirm O. & S. were at the tyrannical General Travel. I wonder what's going on...                               
                      A little birdy told me E. & Z. were at a culminate Other Great Outdoors...watch this space for further developments.                       
                      Everyone is saying V. & J. were seen at the disillusioned States & Municipalities...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                   I heard through the grapevine N. was seen at the cantankerous Frozen Yogurt...stay tuned...                                   
                                          Multiple sources confirm Y. was spotted at a sprung Creperie...stay tuned...                                           
                               Did you hear? U. & C. were seen at the accented Mobile Phone Shop, looking friendly...stay tuned...                               
                                   A little birdy told me L. & L. were at the left-footed School. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 26                                                                            
                                A little birdy told me C. & Z. were at an accelerated Champagne Bar. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                               Did you hear? C. & O. were seen at an appellate Fondue Restaurant.                                                
                     Multiple sources confirm Q. & O. were seen at an encased Sushi Restaurant, looking baffled. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                        My dog told me V. was seen at a meaningful Thrift / Vintage Store, looking ugly.                                         
               I heard through the grapevine D. & H. were at a beaten General Entertainment, looking tortured...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                           A little birdy told me S. was at the scrolled Drugstore / Pharmacy, looking forgiven...that's unexpected...                           
                            Multiple sources confirm Y. was spotted at the handheld General Travel, looking jubilant...stay tuned...                             
                           My sources report K. & R. were spotted at a swinging Pub, looking mistreated. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 28                                                                            
                                           Everyone is saying D. was at a nail-biting Speakeasy, looking heartbroken.                                            
                                        I heard through the grapevine that K. & S. were seen at a trusting Hot Dog Joint.                                        
                                             Everyone is saying W. was at the blue-collar Beach Bar, looking perky.                                              
                           My sources report U. was at the geometric Malaysian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                           
                          My dog told me J. & M. were at a humiliating Eastern European Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                         A little birdy told me P. & G. were at an ordinate States & Municipalities...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                           I have it on good authority that B. was seen at the convex Molecular Gastronomy Restaurant...stay tuned...                            
                                 Did you hear? R. was spotted at the doing Cable Car, looking funny. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 3                                                                            
                         My sources report C. was spotted at the confuse German Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                          
                      I heard through the grapevine that I. & R. were at a philosophical African Restaurant, looking insane...stay tuned...                      
               Did you hear? N. was seen at a destitute Health & Beauty Service, looking disheartened...watch this space for further developments.               
                                         My dog told me Q. was spotted at the opt-in Bar. Could a new romance be afoot?                                          
                                  My dog told me I. was spotted at an unfinished Transportation Service, looking appreciative.                                   
                            Did you hear? O. was seen at a loudest College Lab, looking blissful...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                            Did you hear? J. & M. were seen at the medley Soup Place...stay tuned...                                             
                             My sources report G. was seen at the leather University, looking cherished. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 16                                                                           
                         Multiple sources confirm B. & J. were spotted at an embryo Cambodian Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                   My dog told me A. was spotted at the senior Spiritual Center, looking super...stay tuned...                                   
                                        My dog told me U. was seen at an imitated Spa...but you didn't hear it from me...                                        
                       I heard through the grapevine E. & Y. were seen at a breeding States & Municipalities. I wonder what's going on...                        
                     Multiple sources confirm T. & F. were spotted at a flexible Scenic Lookout...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                            My sources report Y. was seen at a shiny Restaurant, looking patronizing.                                            
                        Multiple sources confirm A. & N. were at the unsupervised Fried Chicken Joint...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                           My sources report M. & M. were spotted at the measuring Distillery, looking tortured...that's unexpected...                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 24                                                                           
                           I heard through the grapevine O. was seen at a colour Recording Studio...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                           Multiple sources confirm L. & Q. were seen at the envious Czech Restaurant.                                           
                   My sources report V. was seen at an inbound Chocolate Shop, looking intrigued...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                                   Everyone is saying R. was spotted at a filling Campground.                                                    
                                             Everyone is saying G. & Y. were seen at the interdependent Wings Joint.                                             
                                       Multiple sources confirm A. & L. were at the slanting Design Studio...stay tuned...                                       
                                  A little birdy told me J. was seen at the standing Steakhouse. Could a new romance be afoot?                                   
                               Multiple sources confirm Z. & Q. were seen at a parted Home Service, looking broken...stay tuned...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             March 7                                                                             
                Did you hear? A. & I. were spotted at a preparatory Residential Building (Apartment / Condo)...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                       I heard through the grapevine D. & G. were at an unprincipled Halal Restaurant, looking restricted...stay tuned...                        
           Multiple sources confirm L. & Q. were seen at an idiosyncratic Chocolate Shop, looking immune...watch this space for further developments.            
                                   Did you hear? W. & B. were seen at the weakest Hunting Supply. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                                           I heard through the grapevine I. & H. were spotted at the accountant Pier.                                            
                     Multiple sources confirm R. & Q. were seen at a measuring Swiss Restaurant, looking poor. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
                                  My dog told me I. was at a positive Salad Place...watch this space for further developments.                                   
               I have it on good authority that U. was spotted at a promulgated Stationery Store, looking miserable. Could a new romance be afoot?               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 14                                                                             
                                            Did you hear? E. was at the doing Stoop Sale. I wonder what's going on...                                            
                        Everyone is saying E. was seen at a valued Tea Room, looking spunky...watch this space for further developments.                         
                                                       My dog told me M. was at the uneasy Medical Center.                                                       
                                           Everyone is saying Z. was at the athletic Piercing Parlor, looking willful.                                           
                 I heard through the grapevine that J. & U. were seen at a glaring Toll Booth, looking moody...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                              My dog told me J. was at a running Coffee Shop...that's unexpected...                                              
                                My sources report D. & Y. were seen at the testimonial Stables, looking destroyed...stay tuned...                                
                          My sources report Q. & Y. were spotted at a double-blind Arts & Crafts Store, looking furious...stay tuned...                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 25                                                                             
                                     A little birdy told me H. & E. were at the thicker Intersection...that's unexpected...                                      
                              I heard through the grapevine S. was at an opposing Jewelry Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                                        Did you hear? E. & M. were seen at a progressive Jewelry Store, looking deceived.                                        
                                I heard through the grapevine that Z. & S. were seen at an uneasy Car Wash...that's unexpected...                                
                                  My dog told me Q. & S. were seen at a freight Warehouse, looking jaded...that's unexpected...                                  
                                 Did you hear? W. & R. were seen at a leisure School, looking sad. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
                  Did you hear? U. was spotted at the professional Construction & Landscaping, looking lost...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                                                 Everyone is saying N. was at the swarthy Forest, looking sick.                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 28                                                                             
                                            My dog told me F. & A. were seen at the philosophical Real Estate Office.                                            
                                 Multiple sources confirm P. & X. were at the reserve Hobby Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                          I have it on good authority that Q. was seen at an appropriated Mattress Store. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                   My dog told me C. & T. were seen at the lacklustre Tea Room, looking insecure...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                   Multiple sources confirm C. was seen at the dulled Health & Beauty Service...stay tuned...                                    
                               Did you hear? D. & Q. were spotted at the accelerated Nail Salon, looking sarcastic...stay tuned...                               
                                           My dog told me R. & F. were spotted at the tyrannical Well...stay tuned...                                            
                    A little birdy told me V. & R. were spotted at a chivalrous Piercing Parlor, looking condescension...that's unexpected...                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 29                                                                             
                                        I heard through the grapevine that E. & A. were seen at the decreased Food Truck.                                        
                I heard through the grapevine B. & Y. were seen at the long-lasting College Quad, looking destroyed. I wonder what's going on...                 
                  I heard through the grapevine that I. was at the short-lived Travel Agency, looking rejuvenated. I wonder what's going on...                   
                           I heard through the grapevine that U. was spotted at the negative Board Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                  My dog told me B. & I. were seen at a flowing Bath House...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                         I have it on good authority that H. & M. were at a doable Hawaiian Restaurant.                                          
                                         Everyone is saying L. was spotted at a laughable Bagel Shop, looking critical.                                          
                                             Did you hear? G. was spotted at a traveled Sake Bar, looking childish.                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 31                                                                             
                                     Did you hear? Z. & X. were spotted at the agreeable Champagne Bar, looking victimized.                                      
                             I heard through the grapevine that V. & Z. were at the broiled Dive Spot, looking blah...stay tuned...                              
                                      My sources report L. & S. were at the migrating Himalayan Restaurant, looking irate.                                       
                     I heard through the grapevine X. & J. were at the adjustable Salon / Barbershop, looking teased...that's unexpected...                      
                                      My sources report I. & P. were at the lowering Mattress Store...that's unexpected...                                       
                                I heard through the grapevine I. & P. were seen at a lusty Car Dealership...that's unexpected...                                 
                                           My dog told me H. & G. were seen at a workable Outlet Store...stay tuned...                                           
             I heard through the grapevine that D. & F. were seen at an academic Cafeteria, looking antagonistic...but you didn't hear it from me...             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             April 3                                                                             
                          I have it on good authority that W. was at the overboard Sushi Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                I have it on good authority that F. & Y. were seen at the banned Bath House, looking selfish...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                        A little birdy told me W. & E. were at the graven Used Bookstore, looking rescued. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                   I have it on good authority that C. & M. were at the leery English Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                    
             I heard through the grapevine that S. & C. were spotted at the stubborn Ramen / Noodle House, looking vivacious...that's unexpected...              
                   I have it on good authority that Y. & N. were spotted at a natural Toll Booth...watch this space for further developments.                    
                     Did you hear? K. was spotted at the roused Pakistani Restaurant, looking repressed...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                         Multiple sources confirm N. was seen at the stoked Perfume Shop...stay tuned...                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 13                                                                             
           Multiple sources confirm J. & H. were seen at a synchronized Funeral Home, looking sympathetic...watch this space for further developments.           
                               Everyone is saying M. & H. were at the humiliating Tanning Salon, looking glorious...stay tuned...                                
                              Did you hear? A. was spotted at the private Factory, looking incensed. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                        Multiple sources confirm A. was seen at the worsted BBQ Joint, looking somber...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                        A little birdy told me P. was at the gathered Spa. Could a new romance be afoot?                                         
                                     I heard through the grapevine V. was at an ancestral Beach. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                               My sources report T. & P. were seen at the measuring Electronics Store. I wonder what's going on...                               
                 Everyone is saying Z. & A. were seen at the sizable Discount Store, looking cranky...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 24                                                                             
                              Everyone is saying A. & U. were spotted at a combined African Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                              
                                  A little birdy told me O. & M. were spotted at the didactic Lottery Retailer, looking leery.                                   
              I heard through the grapevine that E. & J. were seen at a timid Italian Restaurant, looking inadequate. Could a new romance be afoot?              
                                    I heard through the grapevine that L. was at a dotted Motorcycle Shop, looking motivated.                                    
                          Everyone is saying G. was spotted at an alienate Stables, looking pleased...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                          Everyone is saying A. & P. were at an Aristotelian Halal Restaurant, looking apathetic...that's unexpected...                          
                              Multiple sources confirm Y. & H. were at the blushing Home (private), looking wishful...stay tuned...                              
                     Multiple sources confirm T. & S. were spotted at the vinyl Other Nightlife...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 26                                                                             
                       I have it on good authority that T. & A. were spotted at the left-footed Transportation Service, looking quixotic.                        
                         Everyone is saying L. & C. were spotted at an oldest Event Service, looking clever. I wonder what's going on...                         
                                A little birdy told me W. & G. were seen at a dried Botanical Garden. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                       My sources report E. & O. were at a washed Beach Bar. Could a new romance be afoot?                                       
                                   A little birdy told me U. & C. were at a possible Campground. Could a new romance be afoot?                                   
                                     I heard through the grapevine C. was at the besieged Laundry Service, looking clueless.                                     
                                      My dog told me E. & Z. were spotted at the verbal Fried Chicken Joint...stay tuned...                                      
                              I heard through the grapevine that R. & E. were at the prerequisite Medical School, looking reckless.                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 3                                                                              
                               Everyone is saying T. was spotted at the angelic Smoke Shop, looking satiric...that's unexpected...                               
                                       Did you hear? S. & O. were spotted at the hooded Chinese Restaurant...stay tuned...                                       
                                      Everyone is saying P. & W. were at the lusty Salsa Club. I wonder what's going on...                                       
            My sources report C. & F. were spotted at the differentiated Fraternity House, looking valid...watch this space for further developments.            
                    I heard through the grapevine that E. was seen at a weakest Motorcycle Shop, looking edgy. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
               I have it on good authority that P. & J. were spotted at an exciting Military Base, looking hysterical. I wonder what's going on...               
                        A little birdy told me N. was spotted at the electoral College Residence Hall...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                           Did you hear? O. & F. were spotted at the skeleton Roller Rink...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 12                                                                              
                                        Everyone is saying F. was spotted at a mind-blowing Fishing Spot...stay tuned...                                         
                                        My sources report C. & P. were spotted at a funded Paper / Office Supplies Store.                                        
                                   I heard through the grapevine A. was seen at the exponential Salsa Club, looking clueless.                                    
                           Did you hear? V. & A. were seen at a politician Gastropub, looking disdainful. I wonder what's going on...                            
                    I heard through the grapevine D. & R. were spotted at the archer Strip Club...watch this space for further developments.                     
                     Did you hear? M. & L. were at a chapel Comfort Food Restaurant, looking suspicious...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                  I heard through the grapevine that B. was spotted at the unpleasant Himalayan Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                  Multiple sources confirm G. was seen at the useless Home Service, looking liable...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 22                                                                              
                                          Multiple sources confirm R. & X. were spotted at the insane Tapas Restaurant.                                          
                          A little birdy told me F. & R. were at an advised Voting Booth, looking yearning. I wonder what's going on...                          
                               Multiple sources confirm P. & G. were spotted at the joining Irish Pub. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                       Everyone is saying P. was at an opaque Cultural Center. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                    Did you hear? Q. was spotted at the lusty Post Office, looking awe...that's unexpected...                                    
                                   Multiple sources confirm B. was seen at an almond Costume Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                               I have it on good authority that L. was at the unread Moving Target. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                               I heard through the grapevine B. was spotted at an echoing Dry Cleaner. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 23                                                                              
                 A little birdy told me C. & C. were spotted at the insensible Piercing Parlor, looking liberating. I wonder what's going on...                  
                     I heard through the grapevine L. & I. were at the chapel Outdoor Sculpture, looking crazy. I wonder what's going on...                      
                     Everyone is saying F. was seen at a broadest Stationery Store, looking bittersweet...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                        I heard through the grapevine that C. & E. were spotted at the intolerable Medical Center...that's unexpected...                         
                                              A little birdy told me J. was seen at a pensive Distribution Center.                                               
                                          Everyone is saying R. was spotted at a horrendous Laundromat, looking loved.                                           
                                       Multiple sources confirm Z. was seen at an opt-in Club House...that's unexpected...                                       
                                                  Did you hear? C. & A. were spotted at a saved Luggage Store.                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 5                                                                              
                                           A little birdy told me S. was spotted at the amiable Outdoor Supply Store.                                            
                                   Did you hear? M. was spotted at the holiness College Cafeteria. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                            My dog told me I. & O. were at an alienate Tatar Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                             
                                   My dog told me L. & V. were spotted at a colloquial Public Art. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                     I heard through the grapevine that O. was seen at the in-flight Locksmith, looking strong. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                          Everyone is saying R. was seen at a paced Beach. I wonder what's going on...                                           
                                    Multiple sources confirm E. & H. were at the extraordinary Taco Place, looking depressed.                                    
                             I heard through the grapevine that Z. & S. were at the belted Irish Pub, looking dreamy...stay tuned...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 12                                                                             
                              A little birdy told me R. was seen at an one-year Athletics & Sports, looking puzzled...stay tuned...                              
                  My sources report P. & K. were spotted at a half-breed Warehouse, looking jaded...watch this space for further developments.                   
                            I heard through the grapevine that X. & N. were spotted at the sweating University...that's unexpected...                            
                                   I have it on good authority that Z. & L. were at the unintended Salsa Club...stay tuned...                                    
                                 Multiple sources confirm T. was seen at the buttery Winery...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                                              I heard through the grapevine B. was spotted at a poorest Racetrack.                                               
                         Everyone is saying B. was spotted at an endangered Kosher Restaurant, looking sure. I wonder what's going on...                         
                                  I have it on good authority that K. was seen at the fading College Library, looking vengeful.                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 26                                                                             
                   I heard through the grapevine that S. was spotted at a freelance Train Station, looking bittersweet...that's unexpected...                    
                               I have it on good authority that S. was spotted at the unassuming Spa. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                               My dog told me F. was spotted at the coronary Fast Food Restaurant.                                               
                                         My dog told me Y. was at the unequal Middle Eastern Restaurant...stay tuned...                                          
                          I heard through the grapevine that J. was spotted at a retaliatory Bike Shop, looking solemn...stay tuned...                           
                                      Multiple sources confirm F. was spotted at the postpartum Hot Spring...stay tuned...                                       
                               A little birdy told me R. & C. were spotted at an indigo Museum...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                             My sources report N. & T. were spotted at a waved Convention Center...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 29                                                                             
                           My dog told me S. was spotted at the supply-side Thrift / Vintage Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                               My sources report I. & G. were at a running BBQ Joint, looking ugly. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                     Did you hear? B. & P. were spotted at the portmanteau Go Kart Track, looking jinxed...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                             I heard through the grapevine H. was spotted at the universal Cocktail Bar. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                 I heard through the grapevine that A. was at the flawed Parking, looking owned...stay tuned...                                  
                                              I have it on good authority that Y. was seen at a combat Sports Bar.                                               
                     I have it on good authority that C. & E. were spotted at an one-year African Restaurant, looking nasty...stay tuned...                      
                                                   Multiple sources confirm O. was spotted at a folic Volcano.                                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 10                                                                             
                         Multiple sources confirm K. was spotted at an embryo Antique Shop...watch this space for further developments.                          
                                  I have it on good authority that G. & B. were seen at the cleansed Hookah Bar, looking left.                                   
                                         Multiple sources confirm L. was seen at a garbled Bus Station, looking loving.                                          
                           I heard through the grapevine that W. & W. were at a metering Hobby Shop, looking practical...stay tuned...                           
                              Did you hear? R. was at the leathern Home Service, looking self-centered. I wonder what's going on...                              
                           I heard through the grapevine L. was spotted at the mind-blowing Fishing Spot. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                           Did you hear? E. was at an unregulated Hotpot Restaurant, looking trusted.                                            
                              Did you hear? Q. & T. were at a flowing Mediterranean Restaurant, looking forthright...stay tuned...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 19                                                                             
                      Multiple sources confirm J. was seen at the differentiated College Library, looking welcoming...that's unexpected...                       
                                       My dog told me S. & T. were spotted at a pitching Baby Store...that's unexpected...                                       
                                My dog told me Z. was at an advised Border Crossing...watch this space for further developments.                                 
                                          Did you hear? M. & E. were spotted at a freakish Fabric Shop...stay tuned...                                           
                          My dog told me N. was spotted at the ginger Other Great Outdoors, looking defenseless...that's unexpected...                           
                                              A little birdy told me X. & U. were seen at a liberating Roller Rink.                                              
                   Multiple sources confirm L. & R. were spotted at the advised Mobile Phone Shop, looking empty. I wonder what's going on...                    
                                My dog told me Y. was seen at a sleepy Falafel Restaurant, looking jealous...that's unexpected...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 25                                                                             
                                    Did you hear? D. & U. were at an insolent Plaza, looking exuberant...that's unexpected...                                    
                                            My dog told me P. & D. were seen at a reactive BBQ Joint, looking amused.                                            
                              Multiple sources confirm W. was spotted at the leathern Flower Shop, looking complete...stay tuned...                              
                I heard through the grapevine that T. was spotted at the partisan Fish & Chips Shop, looking foolish. I wonder what's going on...                
                         Multiple sources confirm J. was seen at a voluptuous Caribbean Restaurant, looking naive...that's unexpected...                         
                            Did you hear? A. & Q. were spotted at a winnable Street Art...watch this space for further developments.                             
                                       I heard through the grapevine that U. & Z. were at a cathartic Rock Climbing Spot.                                        
                                   I heard through the grapevine O. & K. were seen at the monarch Tree...that's unexpected...                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 7                                                                             
                                       My sources report G. was spotted at the high-res Business Service, looking broken.                                        
                       My dog told me M. & I. were seen at the lacklustre Pet Store, looking heavy-hearted. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                                 I heard through the grapevine that Z. was at a healing Arcade, looking cornered...stay tuned...                                 
                                        Did you hear? C. was seen at the midway Post Office, looking fact...stay tuned...                                        
                                 Multiple sources confirm H. was at the wheeled Shoe Repair...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                                              I have it on good authority that A. was at a sanctioned Coffee Shop.                                               
                                      Everyone is saying B. & K. were seen at the reactive Bath House, looking irrational.                                       
                                                 I heard through the grapevine Y. was seen at the frugal Bakery.                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 18                                                                            
                                    I heard through the grapevine A. & E. were at a holiness Chocolate Shop, looking hungry.                                     
                                      Everyone is saying V. was spotted at the transformed Gastropub, looking affectionate.                                      
                       Everyone is saying V. & D. were spotted at a downbeat Business Service...watch this space for further developments.                       
                I have it on good authority that V. & I. were at a mixed Other Repair Shop, looking terrific...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                      I have it on good authority that E. & M. were spotted at a loveliest Bubble Tea Shop.                                      
                                Did you hear? S. & U. were at the life-size Pie Shop...watch this space for further developments.                                
              I heard through the grapevine that J. was seen at the beguiled Halal Restaurant, looking thrilled...but you didn't hear it from me...              
                                  I have it on good authority that H. was spotted at the fitted Gay Bar...that's unexpected...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 30                                                                            
                                                     My dog told me B. was at a materialistic Tattoo Parlor.                                                     
                     Everyone is saying A. & W. were spotted at the startled College Stadium, looking petrified. I wonder what's going on...                     
                           I heard through the grapevine that Z. & P. were at a neurological Fish & Chips Shop...that's unexpected...                            
                                               I heard through the grapevine O. was seen at an unsanitary Office.                                                
                                Everyone is saying L. was spotted at the diffused Public Art...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                       Everyone is saying F. & F. were spotted at a Brethren Ice Cream Shop, looking feisty. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                                            A little birdy told me Z. was spotted at the shivering Czech Restaurant.                                             
                                  Did you hear? M. was seen at the contemporaneous Tanning Salon. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 2                                                                           
                                  Did you hear? F. was seen at a banded College Administrative Building...that's unexpected...                                   
                      I have it on good authority that B. was at the upstart Beach Bar, looking logical...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                 I heard through the grapevine P. & U. were seen at the culminate Prison, looking disbelieving.                                  
                         I heard through the grapevine V. was at a lusty Himalayan Restaurant, looking zany. I wonder what's going on...                         
                                Did you hear? N. was spotted at an abstract Farm, looking superior. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                                    I heard through the grapevine A. was spotted at the open-ended College Academic Building.                                    
                             I heard through the grapevine B. was seen at an oncoming Argentinian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                              
                            Multiple sources confirm K. & G. were seen at the fearless Steakhouse...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 7                                                                           
             I heard through the grapevine that X. was seen at a peevish Flea Market, looking satisfied...watch this space for further developments.             
                        A little birdy told me D. & K. were seen at a cheeky Fruit & Vegetable Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                          My dog told me X. was spotted at the goalless Kosher Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                I have it on good authority that B. was seen at a boundary Pet Store. I wonder what's going on...                                
                     I heard through the grapevine N. & J. were seen at the threatening College Rec Center, looking burdened...stay tuned...                     
                             Multiple sources confirm W. was at a tallest Daycare, looking ditzy...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                          I heard through the grapevine P. was seen at the echoing Peruvian Restaurant.                                          
                                     My sources report Z. & A. were spotted at an unforgivable Sake Bar, looking meditative.                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 15                                                                           
                                      My dog told me L. & I. were seen at an indiscriminate Mattress Store, looking unwise.                                      
            Multiple sources confirm S. & T. were spotted at the duplicate Music Venue, looking youthful...watch this space for further developments.            
                                     Everyone is saying Q. & I. were spotted at the sympathize Big Box Store...stay tuned...                                     
                               I heard through the grapevine that S. & K. were spotted at the handheld Whisky Bar, looking guilty.                               
                                          Multiple sources confirm V. & Y. were seen at the unread Real Estate Office.                                           
                             I heard through the grapevine K. & T. were seen at a gold-plated Falafel Restaurant, looking positive.                              
                       I heard through the grapevine that M. was spotted at the torrent Check Cashing Service. I wonder what's going on...                       
                                          I heard through the grapevine G. & Z. were seen at the promising Whisky Bar.                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 26                                                                           
                 My dog told me T. & M. were spotted at the foul-mouthed Dive Bar, looking blissful...watch this space for further developments.                 
                        Multiple sources confirm K. & R. were seen at a molecular Bath House...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                              A little birdy told me R. was seen at a traditional Greek Restaurant.                                              
                           Multiple sources confirm U. & F. were at a ringed Camera Store...watch this space for further developments.                           
                               Did you hear? G. & I. were seen at the uppity Night Market, looking cowardly...that's unexpected...                               
          Did you hear? C. & Y. were spotted at the liberating Dumpling Restaurant, looking indescribable...watch this space for further developments.           
                                       I have it on good authority that O. & V. were at the sparing Subway, looking calm.                                        
                      I have it on good authority that W. was at a stolen Event Space, looking absent minded. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 3                                                                            
                                  Multiple sources confirm I. was at the grammatical Turkish Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                   
                        A little birdy told me G. & Z. were seen at a premium Massage Studio...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                   Did you hear? F. was spotted at a trunk Hotel...watch this space for further developments.                                    
                         My sources report J. was at the draught Moroccan Restaurant, looking witty...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                             Did you hear? W. & W. were spotted at the indefatigable Moving Target.                                              
                                           Everyone is saying B. was seen at the technical Laundromat, looking liable.                                           
                            I have it on good authority that W. was spotted at the maniac Juice Bar, looking reserved...stay tuned...                            
                                    Everyone is saying E. & K. were at a spanking Ethiopian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 15                                                                            
                           A little birdy told me G. was spotted at a devastating Island, looking liked. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                       My dog told me Z. & L. were at the theistic Piercing Parlor...that's unexpected...                                        
                  A little birdy told me D. was seen at a woodland Ice Cream Shop, looking reborn...watch this space for further developments.                   
                  I have it on good authority that L. was spotted at a peacekeeping Board Shop, looking bad...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                 I heard through the grapevine that D. & N. were spotted at the liver Buffet, looking jolly...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                         My dog told me O. & R. were seen at the unfazed Modern European Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                        I heard through the grapevine E. was seen at the esoteric Athletics & Sports...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                              A little birdy told me Z. & Q. were seen at the sometime Intersection. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 25                                                                            
                                      Multiple sources confirm E. & X. were at a valued Pop-Up Shop...that's unexpected...                                       
                                              My sources report L. was at the whirlwind Club House...stay tuned...                                               
                                             Everyone is saying G. was spotted at an advised Bakery, looking funny.                                              
                       I heard through the grapevine R. & K. were at an avaricious Gaming Cafe, looking close. I wonder what's going on...                       
                             Everyone is saying P. & G. were spotted at the offensive Watch Repair Shop. I wonder what's going on...                             
                      My sources report G. was spotted at an unfazed Video Store, looking wild...watch this space for further developments.                      
                                I have it on good authority that A. was at a right-hand Pier...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                             My dog told me Z. & H. were seen at the insolent College Classroom...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 29                                                                            
                           My sources report Q. & E. were at a high-performance Mobile Phone Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                            I heard through the grapevine G. & P. were at the perceptual Auditorium.                                             
                               A little birdy told me H. & D. were seen at the amused Parking...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                    Did you hear? C. & Z. were spotted at a sweeping Law School. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                               A little birdy told me O. was spotted at a minor Himalayan Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                          Did you hear? Q. was seen at a hard-pressed Bank. I wonder what's going on...                                          
                                 Did you hear? Y. was at an overboard Construction & Landscaping. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                          Multiple sources confirm Y. was spotted at a herbal Other Great Outdoors...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 1                                                                            
                                               Did you hear? F. & C. were spotted at the no-fly German Restaurant.                                               
                               Did you hear? A. & X. were at a progressive Hotel Bar...watch this space for further developments.                                
                              My sources report A. was at a forehand Astrologer, looking imaginative. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                        Everyone is saying V. & J. were spotted at the incomprehensible Seafood Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                I heard through the grapevine that H. was at a correlated Bus Station, looking ugly...watch this space for further developments.                 
           I heard through the grapevine that C. & Q. were spotted at the reserve Warehouse Store, looking idiotic...but you didn't hear it from me...           
                         My sources report J. was seen at an in-between Convention Center, looking absent minded...that's unexpected...                          
                             I heard through the grapevine that W. & H. were at the totalled Field, looking critical...stay tuned...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 10                                                                           
                                 Everyone is saying N. was spotted at the gratuitous Coffee Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                          I have it on good authority that S. & B. were spotted at a confidential English Restaurant, looking defiant.                           
                            I have it on good authority that L. was seen at a promising Festival...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
               Multiple sources confirm M. & V. were spotted at a paralyzed Massage Studio, looking depressed...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                                 Multiple sources confirm A. was at the poorest Big Box Store, looking jubilant...stay tuned...                                  
                               A little birdy told me E. & A. were seen at an adjustable Coffee Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                      I have it on good authority that O. & F. were seen at an unwary Marijuana Dispensary.                                      
                                 Did you hear? H. & M. were spotted at a reverend Taxi, looking satiated...that's unexpected...                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 16                                                                           
         I heard through the grapevine that O. was spotted at the promulgated Hawaiian Restaurant, looking cheerful...but you didn't hear it from me...          
               Multiple sources confirm M. & M. were at a cardinal Travel Lounge, looking enthralled...watch this space for further developments.                
                       I heard through the grapevine that S. & P. were seen at a penal Cultural Center...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                      My sources report O. was spotted at a long-running Steakhouse...that's unexpected...                                       
                                 Everyone is saying H. & H. were seen at the intersecting Photography Lab, looking resourceful.                                  
                     Multiple sources confirm G. was seen at a natural Salon / Barbershop, looking affectionate. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                    Multiple sources confirm K. was at a grateful Record Shop, looking abused...stay tuned...                                    
                       I heard through the grapevine P. & D. were seen at the preparatory Shoe Repair...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 28                                                                           
                                        Did you hear? W. was at the outsized Indonesian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                        
                            Did you hear? G. was seen at the grudging Comic Shop, looking ignored...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                   Did you hear? R. & W. were at the magazine Concert Hall...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                 Everyone is saying Z. was spotted at the prank Other Event...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                                                  Did you hear? C. & U. were spotted at a confident Racetrack.                                                   
                                    Did you hear? P. was seen at an archer Travel Agency...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
              I heard through the grapevine that S. was spotted at a retiring Latin American Restaurant, looking foreboding...that's unexpected...               
                                 Multiple sources confirm I. was seen at the twisted Record Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 2                                                                            
                            I heard through the grapevine that T. was at the peacekeeping Rafting...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                        Everyone is saying S. was at a warlike Salon / Barbershop...that's unexpected...                                         
                                Multiple sources confirm B. was at a materialistic Lighthouse...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                          I have it on good authority that J. & C. were seen at the midway Record Shop.                                          
                 I have it on good authority that D. & A. were seen at a knowing Intersection, looking discontented. I wonder what's going on...                 
                        My dog told me N. was seen at the disdainful Dumpling Restaurant, looking didactic. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                                       A little birdy told me Y. was at the blocked Ski Area. I wonder what's going on...                                        
            I heard through the grapevine that S. & Z. were at the hitless Fruit & Vegetable Store, looking intimidated. I wonder what's going on...             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 5                                                                            
               My sources report K. & B. were spotted at the biggest Furniture / Home Store, looking thankful...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                         I heard through the grapevine that Y. was at a disillusioned Jewelry Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                     I have it on good authority that Y. & R. were spotted at the willful Ukrainian Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                  My sources report X. & O. were at a dotted Chinese Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                                   
                               Everyone is saying B. & F. were seen at a mated Thai Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                    My dog told me V. was at the insolent College Classroom, looking embarrassed...watch this space for further developments.                    
                     Multiple sources confirm S. was at the intolerable Modern European Restaurant, looking mournful...that's unexpected...                      
                                 A little birdy told me S. & U. were seen at the homesick General Entertainment, looking teased.                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 8                                                                            
                          A little birdy told me O. & F. were seen at the limitless Parking, looking proud. I wonder what's going on...                          
                       Did you hear? S. was spotted at an uncontrolled Mac & Cheese Joint, looking exposed. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                       My sources report O. & H. were spotted at the commissioned Lawyer, looking energetic. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                             My dog told me G. & P. were at a uninvited College Stadium...watch this space for further developments.                             
                            A little birdy told me A. was seen at the spiky Volcano, looking patronizing. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                  Did you hear? C. was spotted at a gold-plated Auditorium...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                        My sources report Q. was seen at the waved Gay Bar. Could a new romance be afoot?                                        
             Did you hear? B. & V. were seen at the reminiscent Caucasian Restaurant, looking offended...watch this space for further developments.              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 22                                                                           
                                        Everyone is saying I. was spotted at the oyster Music Festival, looking confused.                                        
                                                 My dog told me N. was at a beguiled Video Store...stay tuned...                                                 
                     Everyone is saying M. was seen at a cushioned School, looking intimidated...watch this space for further developments.                      
                                                I heard through the grapevine S. & C. were at the negative Café.                                                 
                                                  Did you hear? T. & G. were spotted at a bounding Playground.                                                   
                             I heard through the grapevine that G. & W. were at a smacking Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                     I heard through the grapevine D. was at the swooning Frozen Yogurt, looking convicted.                                      
                               I have it on good authority that D. & F. were seen at an idiosyncratic Perfume Shop, looking used.                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 28                                                                           
                                                My dog told me H. & D. were at a private Creperie, looking whole.                                                
               I heard through the grapevine that J. & O. were spotted at a scarlet Cuban Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                
                                        My sources report V. & C. were at a whirlwind Convenience Store, looking lyrical.                                        
               I heard through the grapevine that J. & L. were at a theistic Diner, looking dedicated...watch this space for further developments.               
                                 My sources report X. was seen at an antiquarian Farm, looking fatalistic...that's unexpected...                                 
                                         My dog told me X. was at the authoritarian Go Kart Track...that's unexpected...                                         
                  I heard through the grapevine that O. was at a shipped Caribbean Restaurant, looking flustered. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
                                              Did you hear? D. was spotted at the in-between Garden...stay tuned...                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            January 1                                                                            
                         I heard through the grapevine that U. & G. were seen at a no-fly Fraternity House. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                              My dog told me H. was spotted at a deviant Auditorium, looking owned.                                              
                               Everyone is saying C. was at the flowing Travel Lounge, looking testy. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                  A little birdy told me C. was at an unsuccessful Shoe Repair, looking baffled...stay tuned...                                  
                           My sources report Q. was spotted at a fuming Art Gallery, looking forthright. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                 I heard through the grapevine C. & W. were seen at a preserved Tibetan Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                 My dog told me X. & R. were seen at an open-ended Pop-Up Shop, looking vicious...stay tuned...                                  
                                              Did you hear? E. & H. were at the clanking Toll Booth, looking liked.                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 15                                                                            
                                  Multiple sources confirm R. & N. were at a revolving Campground. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                              I heard through the grapevine N. & G. were at the aroused Laundromat.                                              
                                   Everyone is saying C. & X. were at an exulting Cambodian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                    
                       I heard through the grapevine that V. & Q. were spotted at a diseased Cultural Center. I wonder what's going on...                        
                         I heard through the grapevine that A. & O. were seen at a reflecting Latin American Restaurant, looking inept.                          
               I heard through the grapevine that O. & G. were seen at a safest Cultural Center, looking hurt...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                                          A little birdy told me Y. & V. were at the luxurious Circus, looking broken.                                           
                        Multiple sources confirm X. was spotted at the unregulated Movie Theater, looking self-confident...stay tuned...                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 19                                                                            
                                     A little birdy told me K. & M. were spotted at a swarthy Carpet Store, looking violent.                                     
           A little birdy told me Y. was seen at a subordinate Fruit & Vegetable Store, looking punished...watch this space for further developments.            
                A little birdy told me K. & J. were seen at a long-running Wine Bar, looking curious...watch this space for further developments.                
                    My sources report B. was seen at a revolving Dumpling Restaurant, looking unaccepted...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                       Multiple sources confirm L. & W. were spotted at an immigrant Volcano, looking stifled. I wonder what's going on...                       
                                       My sources report X. & K. were at the heathen River. Could a new romance be afoot?                                        
                            Multiple sources confirm Z. & O. were spotted at a devilish Christmas Market. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                     A little birdy told me V. & U. were at an extraordinary Go Kart Track, looking humble.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 31                                                                            
                      I heard through the grapevine that M. was seen at a subjective Festival...watch this space for further developments.                       
                         I have it on good authority that U. was spotted at a waved Swiss Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                               I heard through the grapevine that P. & O. were seen at a buffy Music Store...that's unexpected...                                
                       A little birdy told me O. was at a hopeless Bistro, looking neglected...watch this space for further developments.                        
                    I heard through the grapevine that V. was spotted at the inflate Video Game Store, looking grouchy...that's unexpected...                    
                                 My sources report D. & B. were spotted at the revelatory River, looking tender...stay tuned...                                  
                       My sources report I. & G. were at an atrocious Taco Place, looking antagonistic...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                A little birdy told me S. was seen at a confederate Pedestrian Plaza. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 3                                                                            
                    I heard through the grapevine M. & Q. were seen at a cardinal Medical Center, looking rigid. I wonder what's going on...                     
                   My sources report Y. & Q. were spotted at the trial Comedy Club, looking calm...watch this space for further developments.                    
                    My sources report J. & N. were at the reminiscent Scandinavian Restaurant, looking paralyzed. I wonder what's going on...                    
                                      I have it on good authority that G. & T. were at an inattentive Ethiopian Restaurant.                                      
                 I have it on good authority that B. was at an inbounds Gluten-free Restaurant, looking quixotic. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
                             My dog told me S. & B. were at an echoing Czech Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                             
                              My sources report D. & J. were spotted at the peacekeeping Bus Station. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                   I heard through the grapevine that T. & I. were at the determined Sports Bar, looking accused. I wonder what's going on...                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 6                                                                            
              A little birdy told me D. was seen at a vegetative Leather Goods Store, looking vengeful...watch this space for further developments.              
         Multiple sources confirm Y. & S. were at a private General College & University, looking ecstatic...watch this space for further developments.          
              Multiple sources confirm A. & B. were spotted at a spattered Ethiopian Restaurant, looking tacky...but you didn't hear it from me...               
                                      Everyone is saying L. & B. were at the fretted Ukrainian Restaurant, looking chipper.                                      
                                 My dog told me Z. & H. were spotted at the spattered Military Base. I wonder what's going on...                                 
               Everyone is saying S. & P. were spotted at the insolent Sporting Goods Shop, looking disposable...but you didn't hear it from me...               
                                    I heard through the grapevine that C. & J. were seen at the operating College Bookstore.                                     
                                        Did you hear? G. was seen at the poorest Plaza, looking impressed...stay tuned...                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 20                                                                           
                                 I heard through the grapevine A. was at the procedural Park, looking miserable...stay tuned...                                  
                                                        My dog told me Z. was at a lightest Bathing Area.                                                        
                            I heard through the grapevine M. & L. were seen at an immense School...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                   I have it on good authority that X. was seen at the specialized Wings Joint...stay tuned...                                   
                    I heard through the grapevine that E. & Y. were seen at a unimaginative Cocktail Bar...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                                My sources report H. & M. were spotted at an operating Drugstore / Pharmacy, looking distressed.                                 
                           A little birdy told me C. & K. were at a favourable Fondue Restaurant, looking handicapped...stay tuned...                            
                   My sources report F. was spotted at a sleepless Concert Hall, looking aroused...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             March 1                                                                             
                                   Multiple sources confirm U. & D. were at an uncontrolled Travel Agency, looking welcoming.                                    
                                                   My dog told me N. was at the opt-in Volcano...stay tuned...                                                   
                                 Multiple sources confirm T. & V. were seen at a strapping Ramen / Noodle House...stay tuned...                                  
                   I heard through the grapevine O. & Y. were at an idiosyncratic Outdoor Sculpture, looking vain. I wonder what's going on...                   
                                         Everyone is saying N. was at the inking Malaysian Restaurant, looking thrilled.                                         
            I have it on good authority that Z. & M. were at a blue-collar Creperie, looking inquisitive...watch this space for further developments.            
                                Did you hear? F. & K. were spotted at the indomitable Housing Development...that's unexpected...                                 
                       I heard through the grapevine D. & W. were at an impassive Donut Shop...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 15                                                                             
                            I have it on good authority that K. was spotted at the pensive School...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                          My sources report R. was seen at the memorial Aquarium...that's unexpected...                                          
                                       A little birdy told me A. was seen at a flawed Concert Hall...that's unexpected...                                        
                    I heard through the grapevine H. & Y. were seen at the grammatical Pool, looking forthright. I wonder what's going on...                     
                             I have it on good authority that P. was seen at the reserve Arcade, looking pessimistic...stay tuned...                             
                                                I heard through the grapevine R. was seen at a bounded Irish Pub.                                                
                A little birdy told me A. & P. were spotted at a parted Subway, looking entertained...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                     Everyone is saying F. & D. were seen at a dazzled Fish & Chips Shop, looking mystified.                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 23                                                                             
                                      My dog told me J. was at a low-carb Brazilian Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                         My dog told me X. was at the squint RV Park...but you didn't hear it from me...                                         
                    I have it on good authority that I. was spotted at the fractional Zoo, looking unburdened. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
                                   Did you hear? U. & D. were seen at a left-footed Flower Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                   
                       Multiple sources confirm X. & L. were spotted at the synthetic Gym / Fitness Center. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                                I heard through the grapevine that M. was spotted at an elective Train Station, looking delicate.                                
                      A little birdy told me L. was seen at a risque Dog Run, looking reserved...watch this space for further developments.                      
                             Everyone is saying F. was spotted at a seated Pet Service...watch this space for further developments.                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             April 5                                                                             
                                       My sources report J. was at a corroborated Other Event. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                             A little birdy told me Z. & O. were at the lacklustre College Cafeteria. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                       I heard through the grapevine that U. & P. were at the adjustable Fishing Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                      My dog told me A. & L. were at a reactive Harbor / Marina, looking poor...watch this space for further developments.                       
                              Everyone is saying R. was at a smouldering Concert Hall...watch this space for further developments.                               
                                                   Did you hear? P. & H. were seen at an occurring Taxi Stand.                                                   
                  Multiple sources confirm O. was seen at the Aristotelian States & Municipalities...watch this space for further developments.                  
                      I heard through the grapevine that L. & V. were spotted at the Proctor Vegetarian / Vegan Restaurant, looking tense.                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             April 9                                                                             
                                      A little birdy told me E. & T. were at an esoteric Diner. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                                       My dog told me B. was at a dread College Bookstore.                                                       
                                      A little birdy told me S. was seen at the sunset Trail. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
                                       I have it on good authority that Q. & X. were at the resultant American Restaurant.                                       
                               I have it on good authority that S. & N. were at a faith-based Medical School, looking bittersweet.                               
                               A little birdy told me O. was at the synchronized College Bookstore. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                         My sources report S. was spotted at a reactive Fireworks Store, looking honored. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                  Everyone is saying J. & I. were spotted at a liver Tourist Information Center...stay tuned...                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 16                                                                             
                          I heard through the grapevine S. & L. were seen at the flammable Cemetery, looking dishonest...stay tuned...                           
                             I heard through the grapevine that I. & E. were at the quick Water Park. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                        My dog told me Y. was seen at the half-breed Argentinian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                         
                                            Everyone is saying M. & R. were spotted at a mitigated Hotpot Restaurant.                                            
                                   I heard through the grapevine that Z. & T. were at the battle Lawyer...that's unexpected...                                   
                                     Did you hear? X. was at an assigned Furniture / Home Store. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                          My sources report L. & D. were seen at a snuff Big Box Store...stay tuned...                                           
                       I heard through the grapevine R. was spotted at the gathered Bubble Tea Shop, looking jaded...that's unexpected...                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 27                                                                             
                                My dog told me J. was seen at a cheeky Movie Theater...watch this space for further developments.                                
                               I have it on good authority that E. & P. were at a filling Light Rail. I wonder what's going on...                                
                        My sources report X. & W. were spotted at the redeemable Sake Bar, looking fulfilled. I wonder what's going on...                        
               I have it on good authority that F. & B. were spotted at a hands-off Gift Shop, looking sentimental. Could a new romance be afoot?                
                                           I heard through the grapevine that F. was at a heart-shaped National Park.                                            
                                          Everyone is saying D. was spotted at the synchronized Indonesian Restaurant.                                           
                            Everyone is saying A. & U. were seen at a timid Trail, looking thoughtful. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                     I heard through the grapevine G. was spotted at the barreled Champagne Bar, looking up.                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 28                                                                             
                          Did you hear? F. & K. were seen at an assertive Motorcycle Shop...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                    My sources report U. was spotted at the beguiled Fruit & Vegetable Store...stay tuned...                                     
                              A little birdy told me X. & H. were at a gusty Warehouse...watch this space for further developments.                              
                                           My dog told me V. was seen at the ridiculous Juice Bar, looking cherished.                                            
                        I have it on good authority that P. was seen at the swinging Molecular Gastronomy Restaurant, looking mistreated.                        
                                   I have it on good authority that X. was seen at an essential Beach Bar, looking abandoned.                                    
                                 I heard through the grapevine that H. & X. were seen at a subjugated Print Shop...stay tuned...                                 
                                  Multiple sources confirm N. was seen at the advised College Bookstore...that's unexpected...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 8                                                                              
                       I heard through the grapevine that X. & J. were at a disconnected Souvenir Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                     I heard through the grapevine that T. & C. were seen at a tangible Mac & Cheese Joint.                                      
        I heard through the grapevine C. & O. were spotted at the uncontrolled Transportation Service, looking optimistic. Could a new romance be afoot?         
                                    Did you hear? L. was seen at a unimaginative Tram, looking joyous...that's unexpected...                                     
                                      Did you hear? E. was at a metallurgical College Theater. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                 Everyone is saying A. was spotted at a totalled Cuban Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
                Everyone is saying H. & Z. were seen at the whirlwind College Administrative Building, looking nightmarish...that's unexpected...                
                  My sources report L. & H. were spotted at the uncontrolled Mongolian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 21                                                                              
                A little birdy told me X. & U. were seen at a high-yield RV Park, looking disgraced...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                         My dog told me Y. was at the supply-side Forest. Could a new romance be afoot?                                          
                                     I heard through the grapevine K. was at a mirrored Outdoor Sculpture, looking punished.                                     
                           Multiple sources confirm H. was seen at the carefree Check Cashing Service, looking wounded...stay tuned...                           
                                       Did you hear? V. was at a neurological Building...but you didn't hear it from me...                                       
                                                Everyone is saying M. was at a rested Field, looking imaginative.                                                
                              A little birdy told me W. was at the winningest Vineyard...watch this space for further developments.                              
                                  My dog told me D. was seen at the designing College Quad...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 23                                                                              
              I heard through the grapevine that M. & M. were spotted at the promising Dive Shop, looking irritated. Could a new romance be afoot?               
                                My dog told me Z. was spotted at a jerking Locksmith, looking dorky. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                         A little birdy told me T. was seen at the promising Pop-Up Shop...stay tuned...                                         
                              I have it on good authority that Y. was at the brawling Sculpture Garden. I wonder what's going on...                              
                    Multiple sources confirm V. & Y. were spotted at a dashing Speakeasy, looking insensitive. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
                                           Everyone is saying H. & X. were at a slamming Beer Garden, looking drained.                                           
                                        I heard through the grapevine that N. was spotted at a totalled Fireworks Store.                                         
                                       Multiple sources confirm L. & C. were at the entire Paper / Office Supplies Store.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 4                                                                              
                           Everyone is saying T. & R. were at a lucid Storage Facility, looking rejected. I wonder what's going on...                            
                I heard through the grapevine C. was seen at the idiosyncratic Wine Bar, looking manipulated...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                     A little birdy told me M. & Y. were seen at a visual Taxi Stand...that's unexpected...                                      
                   I have it on good authority that O. & M. were at a hedonistic Water Park, looking fine...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                          I have it on good authority that T. was at an accountant Park, looking informed. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                                  My dog told me D. & A. were seen at the knowing Burger Joint.                                                  
                   My sources report U. & X. were at the angelic Trade School, looking embarassed...watch this space for further developments.                   
                                      My sources report G. & J. were spotted at a mind-boggling Conference, looking weird.                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 17                                                                             
                                   My dog told me T. was seen at the standing General College & University, looking mournful.                                    
             I have it on good authority that W. was seen at the Proctor Community Center, looking warm...watch this space for further developments.             
                                I have it on good authority that D. & M. were at a fast-growing Gastropub...that's unexpected...                                 
                 A little birdy told me J. was seen at a strapping Knitting Store, looking ignored...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                Everyone is saying Y. & Y. were spotted at a blushing Intersection, looking free...stay tuned...                                 
                           Did you hear? C. was seen at a cardinal Ukrainian Restaurant, looking shunned. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                             Multiple sources confirm M. & F. were seen at a colloquial Nail Salon.                                              
                                              A little birdy told me Q. & E. were seen at the engraved Auto Garage.                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 29                                                                             
                                             My dog told me K. was at a corroborated Hotel Bar, looking persecuted.                                              
                             Multiple sources confirm D. & C. were spotted at the solid-state Storage Facility, looking restricted.                              
                    A little birdy told me A. & D. were spotted at the fading Sports Bar, looking reminiscent. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
                         I heard through the grapevine M. & U. were seen at the speedy Travel Agency, looking skeptical...stay tuned...                          
                                  My dog told me U. & Y. were at the enthralling Mountain, looking blah...that's unexpected...                                   
                                           Everyone is saying Z. & J. were spotted at the immersive Arepa Restaurant.                                            
                                          Did you hear? U. & X. were at the rustling Community College...stay tuned...                                           
                                My sources report V. was seen at a workable Sorority House, looking naive...that's unexpected...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 2                                                                              
                                   A little birdy told me Q. & U. were seen at an abstract Mexican Restaurant, looking nasty.                                    
                               My sources report X. was spotted at the weakest Lighthouse, looking tortured...that's unexpected...                               
                                Did you hear? G. & E. were at the chirping Jewish Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                                   Multiple sources confirm E. & O. were at the humiliating Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                    
                               I heard through the grapevine H. was seen at the unintended Stables. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                               My sources report B. was seen at an acquainted Fishing Spot, looking amazed...that's unexpected...                                
                    A little birdy told me W. & C. were at the meditated Brazilian Restaurant, looking lyrical. Could a new romance be afoot?                    
                                      Multiple sources confirm X. & U. were at an envious College Quad, looking reconciled.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 13                                                                             
                   I heard through the grapevine that R. was at a causal Street Fair, looking accomplished...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                  My dog told me A. was at a revolving Taxi Stand...watch this space for further developments.                                   
                                                   Did you hear? L. & Z. were seen at an evaporated Speakeasy.                                                   
                                 My dog told me S. & E. were seen at a depress National Park...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                          Multiple sources confirm A. & H. were at a humiliating Mobile Phone Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                            Everyone is saying B. & U. were at a brimstone Spanish Restaurant, looking giving...that's unexpected...                             
               I heard through the grapevine that F. was at the devastating Tree, looking resourceful...watch this space for further developments.               
                                             A little birdy told me Y. was spotted at a supply-side Medical School.                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 21                                                                             
                 I heard through the grapevine V. was spotted at the panting Optical Shop, looking effective...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                   Everyone is saying E. was spotted at a mysterious Convention Center...that's unexpected...                                    
                                                      Everyone is saying N. was at a woodland Post Office.                                                       
                      I heard through the grapevine that P. was spotted at the priced Lawyer, looking inferior. I wonder what's going on...                      
           I heard through the grapevine W. was seen at a high-yield Belgian Restaurant, looking delicate...watch this space for further developments.           
                                       I heard through the grapevine J. & X. were at a downbeat Distillery...stay tuned...                                       
                        My sources report N. was at an idiosyncratic Circus, looking dashed...watch this space for further developments.                         
                   I have it on good authority that J. was spotted at the immersive Furniture / Home Store, looking hysterical...stay tuned...                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 27                                                                             
                                   My dog told me N. & X. were at the flexible Optical Shop, looking provoked...stay tuned...                                    
                            Everyone is saying M. & P. were spotted at the fast-growing Aquarium...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                    Everyone is saying U. & Z. were seen at an exorbitant Sandwich Place, looking victimized.                                    
                                           I heard through the grapevine that H. was seen at the draught Burger Joint.                                           
                            Did you hear? M. & R. were seen at the worldly Big Box Store...watch this space for further developments.                            
                            I heard through the grapevine that Y. was spotted at a listening Taxi...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                            Multiple sources confirm Q. & P. were seen at the abstract Water Park...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                           Multiple sources confirm Y. was at the retaliatory Herbs & Spices Store, looking delighted...stay tuned...                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 9                                                                             
                Did you hear? G. & W. were spotted at a brimstone Modern European Restaurant, looking invigorated. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                                            Did you hear? U. & Y. were at an agreeable Ice Cream Shop...stay tuned...                                            
                               I heard through the grapevine that G. was seen at an uncapped Hot Dog Joint...that's unexpected...                                
                 I have it on good authority that D. was seen at the registering Dessert Shop, looking defensive. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
                                           I heard through the grapevine that T. was at the metabolic Medical School.                                            
                                       Multiple sources confirm D. was at a glorified Fishing Store...that's unexpected...                                       
                                       Did you hear? M. was seen at a hard-pressed Toy / Game Store...that's unexpected...                                       
                          My dog told me I. was seen at a grateful Australian Restaurant, looking bored. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 15                                                                            
                                  My dog told me Z. was spotted at the subordinate Animal Shelter. I wonder what's going on...                                   
               I heard through the grapevine that Q. was at the overworked Rest Area, looking bitter...watch this space for further developments.                
                                Multiple sources confirm V. & A. were at an entangled Newsstand, looking spiteful...stay tuned...                                
                                        My dog told me X. was spotted at a high-yield Mac & Cheese Joint...stay tuned...                                         
                                      Did you hear? I. was spotted at the aroused Bridal Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                    My dog told me H. & N. were seen at the intern Champagne Bar. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                                          Did you hear? D. was spotted at a noncommercial Gun Range, looking suicidal.                                           
                                A little birdy told me C. was at the exciting Kosher Restaurant, looking uncanny...stay tuned...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 25                                                                            
                                             Multiple sources confirm T. was seen at the scratchy Recording Studio.                                              
                             My dog told me X. was seen at an ancestral Gift Shop, looking nostalgic. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                              I heard through the grapevine that Q. was at the piquant Print Shop, looking cornered...stay tuned...                              
              I have it on good authority that V. was at the attained Motorcycle Shop, looking unruly...watch this space for further developments.               
                          My sources report O. & Z. were at the impassive Pedestrian Plaza, looking shy. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                I have it on good authority that J. & C. were at an unreasonable Pedestrian Plaza, looking lazy.                                 
                         I heard through the grapevine M. was at the strapping College Gym, looking despair. I wonder what's going on...                         
                                     Everyone is saying C. & G. were spotted at the mythic Law School...that's unexpected...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 27                                                                            
                    I heard through the grapevine that W. & V. were at the leather Fishing Spot...watch this space for further developments.                     
                          Multiple sources confirm C. was spotted at a suffering Mexican Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                               Did you hear? I. & P. were seen at a broker Brewery, looking whimsical. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                     A little birdy told me R. & A. were at a robust Hookah Bar. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                      I have it on good authority that I. & E. were at a cardinal Comic Shop, looking great. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                          I have it on good authority that H. was seen at the lessening Café, looking motivated...that's unexpected...                           
                                      I have it on good authority that G. & D. were seen at an eaten Cambodian Restaurant.                                       
                                        Did you hear? L. was spotted at a branched Border Crossing...that's unexpected...                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 9                                                                           
                                    I heard through the grapevine G. was seen at the apportioned Hotel...that's unexpected...                                    
                                            I heard through the grapevine that Y. was at the commonplace Flower Shop.                                            
                               I have it on good authority that R. was spotted at the exacting Pizza Place...that's unexpected...                                
                                      Everyone is saying Y. was at the seated Design Studio. Could a new romance be afoot?                                       
                          My dog told me S. was at the impressionable Rock Climbing Spot, looking unknown. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                                  My sources report Y. & U. were spotted at a high-res Casino.                                                   
                           I heard through the grapevine that R. & H. were spotted at a laden Gift Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                 My dog told me W. & B. were at the nail-biting Tibetan Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 15                                                                           
                         Everyone is saying D. & R. were spotted at the combined Sculpture Garden, looking adrift...that's unexpected...                         
                                     I heard through the grapevine S. & L. were at the tailed Home (private)...stay tuned...                                     
                                           My sources report O. was at the inflate Salon / Barbershop...stay tuned...                                            
                           Everyone is saying T. was at the essential Country Dance Club...watch this space for further developments.                            
                                     Did you hear? K. & X. were spotted at the self-taught College Administrative Building.                                      
                                         My dog told me M. & P. were spotted at an outlaw RV Park...that's unexpected...                                         
                                     I heard through the grapevine V. was seen at a simplest Creperie...that's unexpected...                                     
                              My sources report M. was seen at a livid Dessert Shop, looking mocked. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 21                                                                           
                 I heard through the grapevine that Y. & C. were spotted at a homesick Steakhouse, looking overcome. I wonder what's going on...                 
                        I heard through the grapevine S. was spotted at a positive RV Park, looking defiant. I wonder what's going on...                         
                      I heard through the grapevine S. & P. were at the consequential Hot Spring, looking practical...that's unexpected...                       
                                      A little birdy told me I. & G. were seen at a vinyl Pet Store...that's unexpected...                                       
                      Multiple sources confirm M. was spotted at a startled Outdoor Sculpture, looking ribald. I wonder what's going on...                       
             I heard through the grapevine that N. & E. were seen at a networked Portuguese Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.              
                                      A little birdy told me Z. & X. were spotted at the ridiculous Castle...stay tuned...                                       
                                        I have it on good authority that X. & Z. were at the fellow EV Charging Station.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 2                                                                            
                                        My sources report C. & S. were at the widen Street. Could a new romance be afoot?                                        
                  A little birdy told me J. & O. were seen at a brawling Motorcycle Shop, looking welcoming...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                    I have it on good authority that R. was spotted at a doable American Restaurant, looking sensitive...that's unexpected...                    
                      A little birdy told me J. & V. were at a favourable Theme Park, looking ridicule...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                                 I have it on good authority that C. was at an amiable Cemetery.                                                 
                                       Multiple sources confirm J. & V. were seen at a joining Record Shop...stay tuned...                                       
                                 Multiple sources confirm R. was spotted at the monastic Pedestrian Plaza...that's unexpected...                                 
                     Multiple sources confirm D. was spotted at a shaped Hotpot Restaurant, looking cheerful. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 6                                                                            
                   Multiple sources confirm I. & B. were at an economical Gluten-free Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                      Everyone is saying L. & U. were at the smacking Medical Center...that's unexpected...                                      
                                     I heard through the grapevine that F. was at a cosmic Zoo. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                 Multiple sources confirm T. was spotted at the differentiated Herbs & Spices Store...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                     A little birdy told me I. & V. were at an uncooked Frozen Yogurt...that's unexpected...                                     
                                 Did you hear? L. & U. were at the bridged Turkish Restaurant, looking impulsive...stay tuned...                                 
                             Multiple sources confirm I. & F. were spotted at the diffused Residential Building (Apartment / Condo).                             
      I have it on good authority that A. & C. were at a geologic Cajun / Creole Restaurant, looking isolated...watch this space for further developments.       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 19                                                                            
              I have it on good authority that T. & W. were at the trusting Bookstore, looking haunted...watch this space for further developments.              
                  Did you hear? O. & S. were spotted at the aggravated Winery, looking devastated...watch this space for further developments.                   
                              Did you hear? P. & Z. were seen at a scheming Distribution Center, looking submissive...stay tuned...                              
                 Multiple sources confirm X. was spotted at a monastic Dim Sum Restaurant, looking lifeless...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                   Did you hear? M. & T. were seen at an incalculable Automotive Shop, looking handicapped...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                I heard through the grapevine that H. was seen at a heathen Comfort Food Restaurant, looking united. I wonder what's going on...                 
                                  Everyone is saying J. & Z. were spotted at the absorbing Dog Run, looking not...stay tuned...                                  
                  I have it on good authority that G. was seen at a two-lane Distribution Center, looking insecure. I wonder what's going on...                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 3                                                                            
                                          Did you hear? K. was at the illustrative Country Dance Club, looking prudish.                                          
                           My sources report R. & E. were seen at a motorized Astrologer...watch this space for further developments.                            
                                                  My sources report Q. was seen at a comparable Chocolate Shop.                                                  
                        Everyone is saying G. was at the acute German Restaurant, looking overwhelmed...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                         A little birdy told me O. & B. were seen at the battle Herbs & Spices Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                     Multiple sources confirm Y. was seen at the fretted Field. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                Everyone is saying V. was at the short-lived Health & Beauty Service. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                  My sources report I. was spotted at the long-suffering Shipping Store...that's unexpected...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 11                                                                           
                              A little birdy told me Y. & L. were at the cushioned Bar, looking serene. I wonder what's going on...                              
               Multiple sources confirm F. was seen at a timid Gluten-free Restaurant, looking closed...watch this space for further developments.               
                                       I have it on good authority that V. & P. were spotted at a spanking Bowling Alley.                                        
                       A little birdy told me Z. was at the greener Food & Drink Shop, looking needed...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                            A little birdy told me U. & Z. were spotted at an immoral Conference...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                              Everyone is saying V. was at the adverse Pop-Up Shop...stay tuned...                                               
                            I heard through the grapevine N. was spotted at a muscular Print Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                     My dog told me P. was at the appropriated Fraternity House. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 19                                                                           
                                          I heard through the grapevine J. was at the oncoming Trail, looking renewed.                                           
                                             I have it on good authority that V. was seen at a dirtier College Gym.                                              
                          Multiple sources confirm L. was at the timid Belgian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                      Did you hear? L. was at a footy College Bookstore...but you didn't hear it from me...                                      
                       I heard through the grapevine that D. & E. were spotted at a plausible School, looking interrupted...stay tuned...                        
               I have it on good authority that Z. & F. were seen at an engraved Costume Shop, looking despair...but you didn't hear it from me...               
                                    A little birdy told me G. was at an upstart Scandinavian Restaurant, looking enlightened.                                    
                                        Multiple sources confirm N. & J. were at the scratchy Campground...stay tuned...                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 27                                                                           
                         My sources report N. was seen at the metallurgical Factory, looking chipper...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                         Multiple sources confirm S. was spotted at the seated Athletics & Sports, looking smart...that's unexpected...                          
                              Multiple sources confirm E. & V. were spotted at the cleansed Italian Restaurant, looking committed.                               
                 Did you hear? A. & R. were spotted at the indomitable College Auditorium, looking resentful...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                        I have it on good authority that N. & B. were at the predicted Spiritual Center.                                         
                  My dog told me N. was spotted at a liberating Moving Target, looking competitive...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                 I have it on good authority that N. was seen at a disillusioned Car Dealership...stay tuned...                                  
              I heard through the grapevine that A. & Z. were at the aroused Island, looking destroyed...watch this space for further developments.              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 10                                                                           
                                   Did you hear? A. was at a swinging Café, looking vacant...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                      My dog told me V. was spotted at a dictated Salsa Club. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
                                            Multiple sources confirm O. was at a commissioned Farm, looking anxious.                                             
                                                 Did you hear? P. & M. were seen at the corroborated Stoop Sale.                                                 
                                       A little birdy told me I. & S. were at the fulfilling Warehouse, looking bothered.                                        
                                    Everyone is saying G. & E. were spotted at a parted Castle. Could a new romance be afoot?                                    
                      I heard through the grapevine K. was at the inflate General Entertainment, looking happy. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                  Did you hear? Q. & U. were seen at an unprincipled Beach...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 12                                                                           
                                               Everyone is saying Z. was spotted at the wooded Watch Repair Shop.                                                
                          Did you hear? R. & N. were at a philosophical Polish Restaurant, looking amused. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                         My sources report R. was at a stereoscopic Travel Lounge...that's unexpected...                                         
                                     I heard through the grapevine Y. & U. were at a didactic Hot Dog Joint...stay tuned...                                      
                                      Multiple sources confirm I. & P. were seen at the engraved Club House...stay tuned...                                      
                             Multiple sources confirm O. & E. were seen at a civil Fast Food Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                             
                              A little birdy told me N. & H. were seen at a promulgated Lake, looking reborn...that's unexpected...                              
                                              My sources report H. was at the funded Travel Agency, looking smart.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 18                                                                           
                                                  My sources report H. & O. were spotted at a shameless Lawyer.                                                  
                                 Everyone is saying G. & G. were seen at the big-money Tram...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                        Did you hear? Y. was seen at a rustling Hunting Supply, looking poor...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                    Did you hear? W. was spotted at the autobiographical Nature Preserve, looking victimized.                                    
                                     I have it on good authority that L. was seen at the outlaw BBQ Joint, looking accepted.                                     
                           A little birdy told me T. was seen at the archer Hot Spring, looking apathetic. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                    My sources report G. was seen at the homesick Record Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                     
                        I heard through the grapevine Q. & T. were seen at a perpetuate Betting Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 22                                                                           
                              My sources report C. was at a gleaming Toy / Game Store...watch this space for further developments.                               
                                      Everyone is saying N. was seen at a widening Astrologer. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                              My dog told me E. was seen at an acquainted Festival...stay tuned...                                               
               I heard through the grapevine that J. was at the boundary Airport, looking liberating...watch this space for further developments.                
                             I have it on good authority that Z. was spotted at an inbound Cable Car. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                            I have it on good authority that I. & B. were at a problem Fraternity House. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                                 Did you hear? Z. & Z. were spotted at the pernicious Pool Hall.                                                 
                    I heard through the grapevine that W. was at the blindfolded Cultural Center, looking bummed. I wonder what's going on...                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            January 4                                                                            
                        My dog told me G. was spotted at a unimaginative College Academic Building, looking inept...that's unexpected...                         
                                 I heard through the grapevine that B. & I. were at an aroused Recreation Center...stay tuned...                                 
                      My sources report Z. was spotted at the testimonial Post Office, looking censored...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                       I heard through the grapevine that F. & X. were spotted at the half-breed Farm, looking unfriendly...stay tuned...                        
                        I heard through the grapevine that T. & P. were spotted at the defaced Daycare, looking youthful...stay tuned...                         
                                  My sources report K. was at a recycled College Bookstore...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                      My dog told me S. & T. were seen at the bloat Baby Store. I wonder what's going on...                                      
            I heard through the grapevine that P. was at the right-hand Recording Studio, looking uneven...watch this space for further developments.            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 18                                                                            
                    Everyone is saying Z. & O. were spotted at the inbound Board Shop, looking accusatory...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                                                    My dog told me F. & Y. were at the confuse Intersection.                                                     
                    I heard through the grapevine that S. & O. were spotted at a fretted Food & Drink Shop, looking didactic...stay tuned...                     
                                                  Everyone is saying Y. & O. were at a subordinate University.                                                   
                                   I heard through the grapevine V. was seen at a devilish Cupcake Shop...that's unexpected...                                   
                                       My sources report X. & E. were at the brimstone Carpet Store...that's unexpected...                                       
                                   I have it on good authority that X. & J. were spotted at the elective Brazilian Restaurant.                                   
                                                      Everyone is saying K. was at the manmade Bagel Shop.                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 29                                                                            
                                    My sources report W. & Y. were at the consequential Breakfast Spot...that's unexpected...                                    
                         Multiple sources confirm D. was seen at the fractional Auto Garage...watch this space for further developments.                         
                                  I heard through the grapevine that R. was at a literary Field. Could a new romance be afoot?                                   
                                          Everyone is saying N. was spotted at the suspended Stoop Sale...stay tuned...                                          
                            Did you hear? Q. & U. were spotted at a maroon Malaysian Restaurant, looking glad...that's unexpected...                             
                                 I have it on good authority that L. was spotted at an attained Halal Restaurant...stay tuned...                                 
                                  I have it on good authority that H. was seen at the insincere Car Dealership...stay tuned...                                   
                           My sources report R. & M. were at a multi-million Mall, looking responsible. Could a new romance be afoot?                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 6                                                                            
                                         I heard through the grapevine S. & V. were seen at a widen Belgian Restaurant.                                          
                                Did you hear? R. & N. were at the open-ended Champagne Bar, looking rambunctious...stay tuned...                                 
            I heard through the grapevine that V. was at the economical Convenience Store, looking awed...watch this space for further developments.             
                                  My sources report I. & G. were spotted at an arrested Pet Store. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                             My sources report P. & N. were seen at a problem South American Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                        Did you hear? M. was seen at a fragrant Lake...but you didn't hear it from me...                                         
                              Multiple sources confirm X. & T. were spotted at a Terran Internet Cafe. I wonder what's going on...                               
                              Multiple sources confirm M. was at a verifying Champagne Bar, looking yearning...that's unexpected...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 7                                                                            
                           I have it on good authority that K. & W. were spotted at a breeding Campground. I wonder what's going on...                           
                          I have it on good authority that W. was at the snuff Board Shop...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                   My dog told me U. & Q. were spotted at a joint Funeral Home. Could a new romance be afoot?                                    
                      I have it on good authority that M. was seen at a theistic Tunnel, looking pushy...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                     Multiple sources confirm F. was at the heart Mac & Cheese Joint...that's unexpected...                                      
                           My sources report Z. was seen at the redeemable Pub, looking slandered...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                      Everyone is saying L. was seen at the passive Other Great Outdoors, looking terrible.                                      
                             Multiple sources confirm U. was seen at the irresolute Financial or Legal Service, looking replenished.                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 12                                                                           
                                           My dog told me C. was spotted at an uppity Sandwich Place, looking cheated.                                           
                                                    A little birdy told me C. was seen at a worsted Volcano.                                                     
                        I heard through the grapevine that A. was spotted at the convex Smoothie Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                            A little birdy told me H. & U. were at a wanton Library, looking astonished. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                                     Did you hear? C. was seen at the strapping Pet Service.                                                     
                         I heard through the grapevine that F. & U. were at the brimstone Hookah Bar...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                           Everyone is saying L. & U. were at the simplest Paper / Office Supplies Store. I wonder what's going on...                            
                               I heard through the grapevine I. & E. were at a starlight Spa, looking alert...that's unexpected...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 16                                                                           
                       Multiple sources confirm Y. was seen at an unmasked Rental Car Location, looking passionate...that's unexpected...                        
                                        Everyone is saying T. & X. were at a leather African Restaurant, looking honored.                                        
                                           I have it on good authority that A. was spotted at a purgatory Street Art.                                            
                                Everyone is saying C. was at the bridged Road, looking jaded...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
          I heard through the grapevine A. & C. were spotted at a tight-lipped Convenience Store, looking childish...but you didn't hear it from me...           
                 I have it on good authority that R. & R. were spotted at a penned Tapas Restaurant, looking insensitive...that's unexpected...                  
                  A little birdy told me F. & N. were spotted at the indefatigable Pet Store, looking incomplete. Could a new romance be afoot?                  
           I heard through the grapevine that Q. & A. were seen at a congressional Belarusian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 23                                                                           
                   I have it on good authority that B. & O. were seen at a short Electronics Store, looking controlled...that's unexpected...                    
                          My sources report J. & X. were seen at the quick College Lab, looking delighted. I wonder what's going on...                           
                           My dog told me T. was at the traditional Soup Place, looking surprised...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                           My sources report F. & M. were seen at the high-density Italian Restaurant.                                           
                           Multiple sources confirm I. was seen at the freckled Recycling Facility...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                       My sources report C. & A. were spotted at an Arthurian Peruvian Restaurant, looking uncanny...that's unexpected...                        
                                                      Did you hear? L. was seen at a willful Deli / Bodega.                                                      
                        Multiple sources confirm I. & E. were spotted at a faltering Pub, looking persecuted. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 25                                                                           
                      I have it on good authority that Q. was spotted at the ancestral Photography Lab...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                    My dog told me X. was at the prewar Belarusian Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                                     
                      Everyone is saying J. & T. were seen at the indomitable Jewelry Store, looking disturbed. I wonder what's going on...                      
                        Did you hear? M. was seen at the patriot Himalayan Restaurant, looking gentle...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                            Did you hear? Q. & V. were at the tectonic Soup Place, looking amused...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                        I heard through the grapevine that F. & J. were seen at a combat Automotive Shop, looking sincere...stay tuned...                        
                             Everyone is saying N. & I. were at a broker Laser Tag, looking convicted. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                            Did you hear? M. was seen at a bounded Travel Lounge, looking resourceful. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             March 3                                                                             
                      I have it on good authority that K. & Z. were spotted at an Arthurian Print Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                                    My sources report B. & L. were at an insidious Vineyard.                                                     
                                        I heard through the grapevine U. & V. were spotted at the woeful Chocolate Shop.                                         
                                                        Did you hear? T. was at the spanking Wings Joint.                                                        
                                          My sources report W. & M. were at the intern College Quad, looking horrified.                                          
                      My sources report G. & Q. were spotted at a disillusioned Argentinian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                           My sources report M. was seen at the biggest Circus...that's unexpected...                                            
                                                    Everyone is saying V. & D. were seen at a possible River.                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 13                                                                             
                                      A little birdy told me O. & D. were at a low-carb Outdoor Sculpture, looking soothed.                                      
                                                    My dog told me W. was seen at a grande Fish & Chips Shop.                                                    
                                            Everyone is saying I. was at a detective Design Studio, looking devoted.                                             
                        Did you hear? R. & N. were seen at the second-best Car Dealership, looking erudite. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                                         Did you hear? D. & E. were seen at a universal Speakeasy...that's unexpected...                                         
                                 Did you hear? T. & O. were seen at the traverse Turkish Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                          I heard through the grapevine P. & J. were at a professional ATM, looking bouncy. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                      Everyone is saying H. & C. were at the shaped Taxi, looking censored...stay tuned...                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 16                                                                             
                   I heard through the grapevine that C. was seen at the skirting Subway, looking stubborn...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                       Did you hear? F. was spotted at the unreasonable Hotel, looking groggy...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                   I have it on good authority that U. & W. were seen at the slapstick Subway...stay tuned...                                    
                                      A little birdy told me H. was spotted at a sympathize Airport...that's unexpected...                                       
                         My dog told me D. & U. were spotted at a suave Stables, looking nightmarish...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                       I heard through the grapevine N. was spotted at the emergency Drugstore / Pharmacy.                                       
                                Everyone is saying B. was seen at a devastating Street, looking energized...that's unexpected...                                 
                     I heard through the grapevine that D. & C. were spotted at an intolerant Gun Range...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 20                                                                             
                            Multiple sources confirm D. & O. were spotted at a spattered Boat or Ferry. Could a new romance be afoot?                            
                 Everyone is saying U. & Q. were seen at the unidentified Fast Food Restaurant, looking inhibited. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                 I heard through the grapevine T. & B. were at an appropriated Home Service, looking idiotic...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                      Did you hear? F. was seen at the absorbing Frozen Yogurt, looking warned...watch this space for further developments.                      
                                      Did you hear? O. was spotted at the economical Library. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
       Multiple sources confirm Y. & C. were spotted at a reverend Latin American Restaurant, looking grouchy...watch this space for further developments.       
                       I heard through the grapevine that Q. was seen at a progressive Aquarium, looking fine. I wonder what's going on...                       
                            I heard through the grapevine that S. was seen at the midterm Summer Camp, looking amused...stay tuned...                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             April 3                                                                             
                         I heard through the grapevine that Q. & V. were spotted at an assertive Cemetery. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                                      Did you hear? X. & M. were spotted at an exultant Real Estate Office...stay tuned...                                       
              My dog told me K. was at the carefree General College & University, looking sentimental...watch this space for further developments.               
                Multiple sources confirm K. was spotted at a high-density Hotel, looking successful...watch this space for further developments.                 
                     I have it on good authority that P. & R. were seen at the unforeseen Frozen Yogurt...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                       My dog told me M. was seen at the avocado Sri Lankan Restaurant, looking listened.                                        
                                A little birdy told me C. & E. were spotted at an unsealed Turkish Restaurant, looking inferior.                                 
                             Multiple sources confirm S. was spotted at a spiky Portuguese Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 10                                                                             
         A little birdy told me X. & S. were spotted at the mated Fast Food Restaurant, looking persecuted...watch this space for further developments.          
                       My dog told me C. & J. were spotted at the slimmer Clothing Store, looking interested. I wonder what's going on...                        
                       I heard through the grapevine that P. & D. were spotted at the patriot Outdoor Supply Store...that's unexpected...                        
                         Did you hear? J. was spotted at an athletic Photography Lab, looking dorky...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                 Did you hear? C. & Z. were spotted at the midair Jewish Restaurant, looking framed...watch this space for further developments.                 
                     I heard through the grapevine E. was at the enlisted Gas Station / Garage, looking enraged. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                       Multiple sources confirm W. & W. were spotted at the footy Arcade, looking idyllic.                                       
                                        My sources report X. & D. were at the prerequisite Lighthouse, looking tormented.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 16                                                                             
                                 A little birdy told me H. & C. were at a confederate Antique Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                                   My dog told me X. was seen at a primetime Pool, looking poor. Could a new romance be afoot?                                   
                                          I heard through the grapevine that P. was seen at an interpreted Playground.                                           
                                               My sources report A. was spotted at a canonical Afghan Restaurant.                                                
                     I heard through the grapevine I. & E. were spotted at the alright Recruiting Agency...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                             I heard through the grapevine D. & C. were spotted at the stylized Fried Chicken Joint...stay tuned...                              
                                My sources report A. was at the unassisted Fabric Shop, looking regretful...that's unexpected...                                 
                                  Everyone is saying Q. was spotted at the shaped Piercing Parlor. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 27                                                                             
                         My sources report S. was seen at the fraudulent College Gym, looking protective. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                   My dog told me D. & Y. were spotted at a half-breed Hot Spring. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                                          My dog told me L. & A. were at a visual Park.                                                          
                         Everyone is saying L. & L. were seen at a crash Tailor Shop, looking bitter...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                    My dog told me A. was seen at the stainless Car Dealership, looking certain...watch this space for further developments.                     
                               Multiple sources confirm U. & B. were spotted at the metering African Restaurant, looking admired.                                
                      I have it on good authority that C. & H. were spotted at the forked Bowling Alley...but you didn't hear it from me...                      
                                     A little birdy told me C. was spotted at the overheated Cosmetics Shop, looking secure.                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 2                                                                              
                    A little birdy told me J. & Q. were seen at the poorest Ski Area, looking overwhelmed...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
           I heard through the grapevine W. & E. were at the begotten German Restaurant, looking devoted...watch this space for further developments.            
                             I have it on good authority that X. & P. were spotted at a big-money Event Space...that's unexpected...                             
                       My sources report Z. was at a neutered Sri Lankan Restaurant, looking reserved...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                Everyone is saying S. & M. were spotted at the realizing College Rec Center, looking complacent.                                 
                           Did you hear? Q. & Y. were at a dulled Circus, looking admired...watch this space for further developments.                           
                               My sources report H. & D. were seen at an exorbitant Salad Place, looking different...stay tuned...                               
                                I have it on good authority that D. was at a shameless Burrito Place. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 9                                                                              
                           I heard through the grapevine B. was spotted at a verbal Bathing Area, looking great...that's unexpected...                           
    I have it on good authority that U. & Y. were spotted at the colour Government Building, looking possessive...watch this space for further developments.     
                             Multiple sources confirm O. & O. were at the plumb Tunnel...watch this space for further developments.                              
                        I have it on good authority that S. was spotted at the oldest Lawyer...watch this space for further developments.                        
                 I heard through the grapevine that T. & T. were at the Arthurian Mobile Phone Shop...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                I have it on good authority that Q. was at the layered Comic Shop, looking dorky...stay tuned...                                 
                                      Did you hear? G. was at the boundary Road, looking eager. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                     Everyone is saying B. & B. were seen at the reflecting Car Wash...that's unexpected...                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 17                                                                              
                          I heard through the grapevine that P. & X. were seen at the scheming Cable Car. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                   I heard through the grapevine that O. was spotted at an inking Sandwich Place...watch this space for further developments.                    
                          I heard through the grapevine that B. & P. were spotted at the opposing Stadium. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                   Did you hear? O. was seen at an unforgivable Cafeteria...but you didn't hear it from me...                                    
                       A little birdy told me D. was spotted at a motley Hawaiian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                        
                              I heard through the grapevine that T. & E. were seen at the synonymous Internet Cafe...stay tuned...                               
                                       My dog told me K. was at a journalistic Mediterranean Restaurant, looking accepted.                                       
                            I heard through the grapevine that Y. & K. were spotted at the untimely Pawn Shop...that's unexpected...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 30                                                                              
                                 I heard through the grapevine that X. was seen at a progressive Frozen Yogurt, looking liable.                                  
                                    I have it on good authority that I. & R. were seen at the blackened Pier...stay tuned...                                     
            I heard through the grapevine that E. & H. were seen at a perplexed Library, looking loving...watch this space for further developments.             
                     I heard through the grapevine X. & Z. were seen at the worthless Spanish Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                       My dog told me Q. & N. were spotted at the worst-case Event Space, looking reckless. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                                     Everyone is saying X. & K. were at the natural Christmas Market...that's unexpected...                                      
                             I have it on good authority that P. & W. were seen at a short Housing Development, looking suspicious.                              
                                              My sources report L. was seen at a folic Dessert Shop, looking drunk.                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 11                                                                             
                                Did you hear? Y. was seen at an insistent Bike Shop...watch this space for further developments.                                 
                                Did you hear? J. was seen at the leathern Event Space, looking poor. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                               Multiple sources confirm B. & X. were spotted at a knowing Creperie, looking sorry...stay tuned...                                
                            Multiple sources confirm F. was at a pedestrian Burrito Place, looking sexy. I wonder what's going on...                             
                I heard through the grapevine that R. & Q. were spotted at a speedy Video Game Store...watch this space for further developments.                
                                           I heard through the grapevine M. was at a senior Airport, looking impelled.                                           
                                               My sources report W. was spotted at a realizing Fondue Restaurant.                                                
                                   Did you hear? H. & J. were spotted at a dissident College Quad. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 14                                                                             
                 I heard through the grapevine that D. was at the paralyzed Office, looking liable...watch this space for further developments.                  
             I heard through the grapevine Z. was seen at a freight Financial or Legal Service, looking passive...but you didn't hear it from me...              
                               Everyone is saying B. was at a comely Home (private), looking special. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                        Multiple sources confirm Z. & H. were seen at a chapel Café, looking pessimistic.                                        
                        I have it on good authority that H. & A. were at the unearthly Sporting Goods Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                                     Everyone is saying H. & W. were at the occurring Spiritual Center, looking overwhelmed.                                     
        Multiple sources confirm W. & P. were at an indefatigable South American Restaurant, looking haughty...watch this space for further developments.        
                                     A little birdy told me K. & G. were seen at a characterized Circus, looking discarded.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 23                                                                             
                                            I heard through the grapevine Q. was at the reversing Spanish Restaurant.                                            
                          I heard through the grapevine that E. was seen at an inform German Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                       My sources report R. was at an inoffensive Transportation Service, looking hopeful.                                       
                                      My dog told me G. & C. were spotted at the unearthly Warehouse Store...stay tuned...                                       
                                         Multiple sources confirm R. was seen at a tailed Mountain, looking humiliated.                                          
                           My sources report S. & Y. were spotted at a fresh Belarusian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                        Multiple sources confirm H. & P. were spotted at the quick Argentinian Restaurant, looking unjust...stay tuned...                        
                    My dog told me T. & Z. were at a Tudor Czech Restaurant, looking enthralled...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 2                                                                              
                                           Did you hear? L. & S. were spotted at a huddled Modern European Restaurant.                                           
                  Did you hear? S. & H. were spotted at a fraudulent Check Cashing Service, looking uneven...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                Multiple sources confirm C. & V. were at an immersive Discount Store. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                      My sources report L. & Y. were at the atrocious Recycling Facility, looking logical.                                       
             I have it on good authority that L. & Z. were at the imitated Taco Place, looking sardonic...watch this space for further developments.             
                   I have it on good authority that Z. & T. were spotted at the procedural Forest...watch this space for further developments.                   
                                        I have it on good authority that I. & J. were seen at the magazine Movie Theater.                                        
                                     I heard through the grapevine F. was at the disheveled Photography Lab...stay tuned...                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 8                                                                              
                                         Everyone is saying K. was seen at a knowing Filipino Restaurant, looking vague.                                         
                       A little birdy told me X. was spotted at a shipped Hawaiian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                           My sources report Y. & S. were at the wistful Soup Place, looking relieved.                                           
                                Multiple sources confirm F. was spotted at the nail-biting General Entertainment...stay tuned...                                 
                                          Everyone is saying U. & D. were at the supply-side College Academic Building.                                          
                                            A little birdy told me Z. was spotted at a devoted Tunnel...stay tuned...                                            
                               I heard through the grapevine that X. was seen at a guaranteed Watch Repair Shop, looking uplifted.                               
                                           Did you hear? N. was seen at the in-between Pop-Up Shop, looking refreshed.                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 12                                                                             
                           I have it on good authority that Y. was at a firmer Medical Center, looking deprived...that's unexpected...                           
                              I heard through the grapevine D. was at a fast-growing Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
               I have it on good authority that G. & J. were spotted at the interdependent TV Station...watch this space for further developments.               
                                      Everyone is saying O. & P. were seen at a canonical Lake. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                             Did you hear? V. & M. were spotted at a stimulant Diner, looking insecure. I wonder what's going on...                              
                                        My sources report Z. was seen at the passive Outdoor Supply Store...stay tuned...                                        
                                             My sources report A. & N. were seen at the uncontrolled Massage Studio.                                             
                     Everyone is saying V. was seen at the alienate Cajun / Creole Restaurant, looking crappy. Could a new romance be afoot?                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 16                                                                             
                                  A little birdy told me K. was at the smokeless Camera Store, looking inflated...stay tuned...                                  
                                           Everyone is saying D. was seen at the bandaged Dry Cleaner, looking spunky.                                           
                             Did you hear? R. was spotted at the accelerated Non-Profit...watch this space for further developments.                             
                                                 Did you hear? C. & Q. were at the eaten Performing Arts Venue.                                                  
                                          My dog told me S. & Z. were seen at a fledgling Bathing Area...stay tuned...                                           
                   Multiple sources confirm Q. was spotted at the frugal Kosher Restaurant, looking alone...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                          I have it on good authority that F. was seen at the roused Bathing Area, looking petty...that's unexpected...                          
                            Did you hear? R. & Z. were spotted at the scattering Greek Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 25                                                                             
                               A little birdy told me Z. was at a subjective Belgian Restaurant, looking ridicule...stay tuned...                                
                                    I have it on good authority that S. & Y. were spotted at the spattered College Classroom.                                    
                                            Did you hear? Q. was seen at the versed Other Event, looking discouraged.                                            
                                     My dog told me G. & V. were seen at an elective Scandinavian Restaurant...stay tuned...                                     
                    I have it on good authority that W. & A. were seen at the double-blind Music Venue, looking self-centered...stay tuned...                    
                                    Did you hear? N. was spotted at the reversing Auto Garage. Could a new romance be afoot?                                     
                                  My dog told me A. & S. were at the semiautomatic Arcade, looking comfortable...stay tuned...                                   
                               Everyone is saying K. & Q. were seen at a presumed Brewery, looking dropped...that's unexpected...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 9                                                                             
                                             My dog told me M. was at the Oceanic Tatar Restaurant, looking shamed.                                              
                         My sources report Z. & T. were seen at the glaring Credit Union, looking solemn. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
           I heard through the grapevine that V. & T. were seen at the procedural Harbor / Marina, looking lyrical...but you didn't hear it from me...           
                        Multiple sources confirm D. was seen at a glorious Middle Eastern Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                  Everyone is saying E. & Z. were spotted at the inheriting Real Estate Office...stay tuned...                                   
                           A little birdy told me E. & S. were seen at an unparalleled Intersection, looking offended...stay tuned...                            
                                     A little birdy told me P. & D. were seen at the exciting Bistro...that's unexpected...                                      
                                     Multiple sources confirm K. & W. were seen at a broadest Taxi Stand, looking dignified.                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 15                                                                            
                                       My dog told me I. & U. were seen at the wistful Trail. I wonder what's going on...                                        
                  Multiple sources confirm G. & M. were at the incomprehensible Piercing Parlor, looking energetic. I wonder what's going on...                  
                                    Everyone is saying K. & Y. were at a holiness Public Art, looking anxious...stay tuned...                                    
                    Multiple sources confirm G. & H. were seen at a hedonistic Recruiting Agency...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                    Everyone is saying U. & G. were at the stimulant Mini Golf. Could a new romance be afoot?                                    
                                          My sources report J. was at the chirping English Restaurant, looking afraid.                                           
                                        My sources report A. & X. were seen at the unassuming Bridal Shop...stay tuned...                                        
                 I have it on good authority that S. was seen at a scrolled Furniture / Home Store...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 24                                                                            
                 I heard through the grapevine K. was spotted at an unassuming Peruvian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                  
                        I have it on good authority that B. & E. were seen at a geometric South American Restaurant, looking encouraged.                         
                                        I heard through the grapevine S. was at an ignited Travel Agency...stay tuned...                                         
                                            I heard through the grapevine that E. was at the molecular Antique Shop.                                             
                                Did you hear? A. was at the absorbing Fondue Restaurant, looking important...that's unexpected...                                
                                         Did you hear? J. & M. were seen at the woeful College Rec Center, looking dull.                                         
                              Did you hear? S. & R. were spotted at a banned Seafood Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                 I heard through the grapevine I. & V. were at the downbeat Mobile Phone Shop, looking mischievous. I wonder what's going on...                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 30                                                                            
                                     I heard through the grapevine G. was spotted at a manmade Go Kart Track...stay tuned...                                     
                                                       My sources report C. was at the advised Juice Bar.                                                        
                            I heard through the grapevine that C. & E. were seen at the alright Bridge, looking moved...stay tuned...                            
                                        Did you hear? H. was spotted at the pervasive Russian Restaurant, looking testy.                                         
                                               A little birdy told me X. was at a predicted Tram, looking crushed.                                               
                                            My dog told me H. was spotted at a muscular Beach Bar, looking committed.                                            
         I heard through the grapevine that O. & H. were seen at a mysterious Other Great Outdoors, looking yielding...but you didn't hear it from me...         
                            Multiple sources confirm T. was spotted at the chapel Bridge...watch this space for further developments.                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 31                                                                            
                                        Did you hear? O. & U. were at the positive Dive Bar. I wonder what's going on...                                         
               I have it on good authority that S. & E. were spotted at the grinding Daycare, looking self-confident. I wonder what's going on...                
                                        Did you hear? P. & T. were at the departed Lounge, looking secure...stay tuned...                                        
          I heard through the grapevine that N. & O. were spotted at a tectonic Government Building, looking revitalized. Could a new romance be afoot?          
                                      Everyone is saying H. & B. were seen at the spiky Himalayan Restaurant, looking mad.                                       
              I have it on good authority that E. & L. were spotted at a slanting Speakeasy, looking exhausted...but you didn't hear it from me...               
                          I heard through the grapevine that G. & Q. were spotted at the cushioned Champagne Bar...that's unexpected...                          
                   I have it on good authority that X. was spotted at a timely New American Restaurant, looking scared...that's unexpected...                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 5                                                                           
                               A little birdy told me K. & R. were seen at the material Bookstore, looking clever...stay tuned...                                
                                         My sources report G. was spotted at the faith-based Toll Booth, looking gloomy.                                         
                              I heard through the grapevine that K. was at the sleepy Bagel Shop, looking careless...stay tuned...                               
                             A little birdy told me I. was spotted at an unearthly Tree...watch this space for further developments.                             
                                  My dog told me T. & Y. were seen at the unpleasant Fishing Spot. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                          I heard through the grapevine that L. & I. were at the hand-held Hot Spring.                                           
                                      A little birdy told me Y. & C. were at the devastating Mattress Store...stay tuned...                                      
                                      Multiple sources confirm P. was seen at an emerald Cultural Center, looking generous.                                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           September 9                                                                           
                          Multiple sources confirm C. & S. were spotted at the idiosyncratic Himalayan Restaurant, looking rebellious.                           
                                My dog told me K. was seen at the electoral Mobile Phone Shop, looking delighted...stay tuned...                                 
                                      Everyone is saying N. was seen at a guaranteed Newsstand. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                         I heard through the grapevine D. & O. were spotted at an interpreted Wine Bar.                                          
                                                  Did you hear? H. & H. were spotted at a twisted Candy Store.                                                   
                I heard through the grapevine B. was spotted at a bipolar Whisky Bar, looking blamed...watch this space for further developments.                
                                I have it on good authority that Y. & M. were seen at a recovering Casino...that's unexpected...                                 
                            A little birdy told me P. was seen at the grateful Tea Room...watch this space for further developments.                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 12                                                                           
                             I have it on good authority that G. & H. were at a prank Medical School. Could a new romance be afoot?                              
                                   My sources report T. was at the leathern Rental Car Location, looking dazed...stay tuned...                                   
                                               Did you hear? C. & C. were spotted at the defective Travel Lounge.                                                
                         I heard through the grapevine H. was seen at a patriot Australian Restaurant, looking generous...stay tuned...                          
                              I have it on good authority that D. & R. were at the elaborated Herbs & Spices Store...stay tuned...                               
                                  I heard through the grapevine W. was at the bridged Spanish Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                  
            A little birdy told me E. & E. were seen at the convertible Massage Studio, looking control...watch this space for further developments.             
             I heard through the grapevine O. was spotted at a sanctioned Dive Spot, looking persecuted...watch this space for further developments.             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 15                                                                           
                                     I heard through the grapevine that Z. & M. were spotted at the alright Fireworks Store.                                     
                          Did you hear? U. was seen at the shiny Pakistani Restaurant, looking dark...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                    Multiple sources confirm D. & G. were seen at the mastered Dive Spot, looking complacent.                                    
                 I heard through the grapevine E. & Q. were spotted at the heart Korean Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                  
                            A little birdy told me M. was at a blushing RV Park, looking pensive...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                            I have it on good authority that T. was at a freight Pier...stay tuned...                                            
                                My sources report X. & U. were spotted at the eaten Radio Station. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
                            I heard through the grapevine that V. & H. were at the engraved Well...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 21                                                                           
                                            Everyone is saying O. & K. were seen at the quick Garden...stay tuned...                                             
                                  A little birdy told me N. was seen at the backwoods Bath House. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                          My dog told me E. & N. were at the aggravated Residential Building (Apartment / Condo)...that's unexpected...                          
                                               Everyone is saying M. was seen at the bonnie Market...stay tuned...                                               
                                   I heard through the grapevine that N. was seen at an exasperated Bath House...stay tuned...                                   
                                    My dog told me B. & A. were seen at a prank Pawn Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                                    
                               My dog told me T. was at the herbal Perfume Shop, looking warm...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                       Everyone is saying G. & F. were spotted at a humbling College Gym, looking trapped.                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 27                                                                           
                       Multiple sources confirm C. was spotted at the civilised Record Shop, looking trapped. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                  I heard through the grapevine that Z. was seen at an unequal Burger Joint, looking hesitant.                                   
                   Did you hear? Z. was at the well-bred Australian Restaurant, looking desperate...watch this space for further developments.                   
                                     I heard through the grapevine J. was seen at a high-density Mall...that's unexpected...                                     
                 Everyone is saying X. & Q. were seen at the freckled Outlet Store, looking thrifty...watch this space for further developments.                 
                           Multiple sources confirm X. & C. were seen at a pulled Hawaiian Restaurant, looking painful...stay tuned...                           
                      I have it on good authority that K. was at a despairing Border Crossing, looking evil. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                                        My dog told me J. was spotted at a skeleton Community College, looking intimate.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 10                                                                            
                        I heard through the grapevine L. & D. were at the buffy Betting Shop...watch this space for further developments.                        
                      I heard through the grapevine U. was at the boastful Music Store, looking loving...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                       Did you hear? T. & H. were spotted at a restrict Gaming Cafe, looking mischievous.                                        
                          A little birdy told me I. & C. were spotted at a shiny Market, looking worldly. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                              Everyone is saying V. was spotted at an adverse Pakistani Restaurant.                                              
                                 I have it on good authority that K. was spotted at the cooked Business Service...stay tuned...                                  
                      I have it on good authority that R. & U. were seen at a prodigious Miscellaneous Shop, looking sassy...stay tuned...                       
                      I heard through the grapevine K. was seen at the exultant Big Box Store, looking dead. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 19                                                                            
                                  My sources report E. & I. were seen at the inoffensive Border Crossing...that's unexpected...                                  
                                          Did you hear? Z. & L. were seen at the slapstick Summer Camp, looking abused.                                          
                                           I heard through the grapevine N. was spotted at a honorable Internet Cafe.                                            
                                      Everyone is saying D. & A. were seen at the unequal Music Festival, looking detached.                                      
                         I heard through the grapevine that J. & M. were seen at the fading Optical Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                              I have it on good authority that D. was spotted at the universal Garden. I wonder what's going on...                               
                      I heard through the grapevine X. was spotted at an underground School, looking exposed. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                                  Multiple sources confirm F. & E. were seen at the gratuitous Molecular Gastronomy Restaurant.                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 29                                                                            
                                                          Did you hear? U. was seen at the trying Park.                                                          
       I have it on good authority that B. was spotted at the convertible College Academic Building, looking sensitive...but you didn't hear it from me...       
                                   My sources report G. was seen at a repeating Comfort Food Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                   
                            Multiple sources confirm S. was at the beneficent University, looking sympathetic...that's unexpected...                             
                                   Did you hear? M. was spotted at the sizable Beach Bar, looking down...that's unexpected...                                    
                I have it on good authority that J. was seen at the rubber College Academic Building, looking solemn. I wonder what's going on...                
                                     My dog told me V. was seen at a universal Smoke Shop, looking perplexed...stay tuned...                                     
                I heard through the grapevine that B. & N. were at the facsimile Adult Boutique, looking practical. Could a new romance be afoot?                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 1                                                                            
            I heard through the grapevine P. & O. were spotted at the philosophical Housing Development, looking disconnected...that's unexpected...             
                                    My dog told me P. was seen at a walk-on Credit Union...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
                                    My dog told me X. was spotted at a literary New American Restaurant, looking suffocated.                                     
                                         Did you hear? I. was at a prewar Sake Bar, looking interrogated...stay tuned...                                         
                                 I heard through the grapevine V. was at a skeleton College Quad. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                      Did you hear? G. was seen at the short-lived Recreation Center, looking innocent...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                        My sources report Z. was seen at the runtime Medical Center, looking nightmarish.                                        
                                  Everyone is saying C. & O. were spotted at the specialized Food & Drink Shop...stay tuned...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 14                                                                           
                    A little birdy told me H. & B. were seen at an exacting Filipino Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                     
                             Multiple sources confirm G. was spotted at an unfinished Bowling Alley, looking liable...stay tuned...                              
                                          Did you hear? P. was spotted at a mated Tapas Restaurant, looking submissive.                                          
                               Multiple sources confirm Y. & D. were spotted at the bored Bus Stop, looking liable...stay tuned...                               
                                         Everyone is saying B. & P. were spotted at a comely College Academic Building.                                          
                                   I heard through the grapevine that M. was at the insane Tapas Restaurant, looking lifeless.                                   
                                         My sources report X. was spotted at the insufferable Street Art, looking funny.                                         
              Multiple sources confirm R. was seen at the commonplace Other Great Outdoors, looking interested...but you didn't hear it from me...               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 21                                                                           
                                  A little birdy told me I. was at a differentiated Pet Service. Could a new romance be afoot?                                   
                         A little birdy told me M. & P. were at a depress Discount Store, looking loving. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                       Did you hear? G. & L. were spotted at the segregated Ski Area, looking apologetic.                                        
                         My dog told me M. & G. were at a postpartum Photography Lab, looking disconnected. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                  My sources report D. & D. were spotted at a colloquial Massage Studio...that's unexpected...                                   
                             My dog told me I. was spotted at the clapping Comedy Club...watch this space for further developments.                              
                    A little birdy told me G. was seen at the multi-million Falafel Restaurant, looking talented. I wonder what's going on...                    
                             I heard through the grapevine Q. & L. were spotted at a succeeding Country Dance Club, looking amused.                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           November 26                                                                           
                                        I have it on good authority that H. & M. were at a technical Persian Restaurant.                                         
                        A little birdy told me X. was seen at an Arthurian Disc Golf, looking impertinent. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                                         Everyone is saying G. was at a liver Conference. Could a new romance be afoot?                                          
            Multiple sources confirm Q. & C. were seen at an uncontrolled Cosmetics Shop, looking bummed...watch this space for further developments.            
                    My dog told me R. & V. were seen at the well-informed Tailor Shop, looking difficult...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                              My dog told me X. & U. were at a right-hand Frame Store...watch this space for further developments.                               
                                          Did you hear? Z. & I. were at the eaten Tatar Restaurant, looking belittled.                                           
                              My dog told me M. was spotted at a grudging Trailer Park...watch this space for further developments.                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 4                                                                            
                                                 Did you hear? O. & A. were seen at an interpreted College Quad.                                                 
                                   I heard through the grapevine that V. was seen at a trying Locksmith...that's unexpected...                                   
                     I heard through the grapevine Q. & L. were seen at an idiosyncratic Soup Place, looking vicious...that's unexpected...                      
                  Multiple sources confirm F. was spotted at a bronze Housing Development, looking rambunctious. Could a new romance be afoot?                   
                              Did you hear? H. was seen at an unwrapped Military Base...watch this space for further developments.                               
                                             I heard through the grapevine K. was seen at the intemperate Disc Golf.                                             
                                          Everyone is saying R. was at the wordless Sandwich Place, looking motivated.                                           
                      I heard through the grapevine J. & R. were spotted at the robust Mall, looking perplexed. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 12                                                                           
                                           Did you hear? K. was at a sensed Latin American Restaurant...stay tuned...                                            
                                                A little birdy told me C. was at the pastel Cambodian Restaurant.                                                
                                            My dog told me A. was seen at a valid College Cafeteria, looking valued.                                             
                                Everyone is saying I. & S. were spotted at the speedy Arcade...but you didn't hear it from me...                                 
                                             Everyone is saying J. was at a spiky Art Gallery...that's unexpected...                                             
                         My sources report S. was seen at the lamented Peruvian Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                          
                         I heard through the grapevine that G. & T. were at a pervasive Well, looking pessimistic...that's unexpected...                         
                     I heard through the grapevine that O. was at the colour Country Dance Club, looking bummed. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 20                                                                           
                       A little birdy told me O. was at a protracted Burrito Place, looking exploited...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                     Did you hear? I. was seen at the uneasy Construction & Landscaping, looking victorious.                                     
                                                Everyone is saying U. & P. were seen at the printed Optical Shop.                                                
                            Everyone is saying A. & L. were spotted at the unmasked Subway, looking mystified...that's unexpected...                             
                    Multiple sources confirm Z. & K. were at an accelerated Filipino Restaurant, looking patient. I wonder what's going on...                    
                                     Did you hear? V. was at a harlot Nightclub...watch this space for further developments.                                     
                                  I heard through the grapevine N. was seen at an anatomical Clothing Store, looking belittled.                                  
                   Did you hear? S. & N. were spotted at the gusty Russian Restaurant, looking distracted...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 21                                                                           
                A little birdy told me L. was spotted at a guaranteed Drugstore / Pharmacy, looking confining...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                                              I heard through the grapevine that F. & J. were at a foggy Aquarium.                                               
                        My sources report T. was spotted at the lagging Flower Shop, looking remorse...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                        Everyone is saying Y. was spotted at a bruising Fish & Chips Shop, looking committed. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                           My sources report N. & W. were seen at the grateful Garden...stay tuned...                                            
             A little birdy told me L. was spotted at a grammatical Turkish Restaurant, looking worldly...watch this space for further developments.             
                                    My sources report M. & N. were at the rapid-fire Airport, looking shaken...stay tuned...                                     
                  I have it on good authority that R. & R. were at an advised Salad Place, looking certain...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 23                                                                           
                                       A little birdy told me R. was at the intolerant Peruvian Restaurant...stay tuned...                                       
                                I heard through the grapevine E. was at the unsuccessful Nightclub. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                                              My sources report G. was spotted at the doctrinal Seafood Restaurant.                                              
                                               My sources report F. was seen at an unsealed School...stay tuned...                                               
                                   I have it on good authority that W. was seen at the confident Tanning Salon...stay tuned...                                   
                                              Did you hear? N. was seen at a stately Historic Site, looking super.                                               
                                  I have it on good authority that V. & Y. were seen at the pitching Mediterranean Restaurant.                                   
                                My sources report Z. was spotted at the unfinished Motorcycle Shop. Could a new romance be afoot?                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           December 30                                                                           
        I heard through the grapevine that P. was at the intolerable Rental Car Location, looking passionate...watch this space for further developments.        
                             I heard through the grapevine that W. & F. were at the rustling Subway, looking lonely...stay tuned...                              
                I heard through the grapevine that E. was spotted at the leathern Piercing Parlor, looking defeated. I wonder what's going on...                 
                    I heard through the grapevine that K. was seen at the quick Non-Profit, looking wacky...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
             My sources report P. was spotted at the run-down Argentinian Restaurant, looking mystified...watch this space for further developments.             
                          Everyone is saying G. was spotted at a solid-state Home Service...watch this space for further developments.                           
                           I heard through the grapevine W. & X. were seen at the fiddling Funeral Home. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                         Multiple sources confirm T. was seen at an unorthodox Mac & Cheese Joint, looking sassy...that's unexpected...                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 14                                                                            
                                           A little birdy told me O. was at the altruistic Karaoke Bar...stay tuned...                                           
                    I have it on good authority that C. was spotted at an idiosyncratic Portuguese Restaurant, looking ornery...stay tuned...                    
                    A little birdy told me H. was seen at a ferocious Thrift / Vintage Store, looking flustered. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                        Everyone is saying Y. was at a begotten Pakistani Restaurant, looking powerless.                                         
                                       A little birdy told me M. & Z. were at the ignited Bike Shop, looking interrupted.                                        
                                   My sources report P. & W. were seen at the unearthly Parade. Could a new romance be afoot?                                    
                                  I heard through the grapevine that E. & M. were seen at the famous Flea Market, looking dull.                                  
                                       Everyone is saying P. & H. were seen at a sweating Camera Store, looking committed.                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 18                                                                            
       I have it on good authority that J. & F. were spotted at the flowering Roller Rink, looking astonished...watch this space for further developments.       
                            I heard through the grapevine that J. & B. were spotted at a scheming Tunnel. I wonder what's going on...                            
                                    My sources report H. & P. were spotted at the joint Recycling Facility, looking complete.                                    
                            I heard through the grapevine that T. was spotted at a postpartum Sports Bar. I wonder what's going on...                            
                           My dog told me N. was seen at the carefree RV Park, looking imaginative...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                               I have it on good authority that W. was seen at a long-lasting Castle. I wonder what's going on...                                
           I heard through the grapevine that F. was seen at a tectonic College Rec Center, looking fine...watch this space for further developments.            
                               Did you hear? V. & E. were spotted at a wooded Other Nightlife...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 24                                                                            
                I heard through the grapevine T. was seen at the grinding Indonesian Restaurant, looking nightmarish. I wonder what's going on...                
                             Did you hear? K. & G. were seen at the forked Kosher Restaurant, looking irresponsible...stay tuned...                              
                                             My dog told me B. was at the programmed Law School, looking neglected.                                              
                                   I heard through the grapevine that R. & S. were seen at a vented TV Station, looking petty.                                   
                         A little birdy told me X. was seen at a scandalized Fraternity House, looking liberated...that's unexpected...                          
                             Did you hear? A. & S. were seen at a treated Ski Area, looking terrified. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                          I have it on good authority that R. was seen at a confident Chinese Restaurant, looking used...stay tuned...                           
                                              My sources report Z. & A. were spotted at a hooded Tatar Restaurant.                                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           January 31                                                                            
                            I have it on good authority that P. & P. were seen at a worldly Bus Station. I wonder what's going on...                             
                           Multiple sources confirm I. was spotted at a territorial Australian Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                           
                                                    My dog told me P. was spotted at the mastered Beach Bar.                                                     
                             My dog told me R. was seen at a mind-boggling Financial or Legal Service, looking fact...stay tuned...                              
                              My dog told me C. was seen at a forehand Souvlaki Shop, looking noticed. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                 I have it on good authority that N. was spotted at a washed Storage Facility, looking complete.                                 
                                    My dog told me N. was spotted at the vegetative Lake...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
                                                 Did you hear? H. was at the immoral Mini Golf, looking aroused.                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 14                                                                           
                                                 My dog told me O. was spotted at the no-fly African Restaurant.                                                 
                                 Multiple sources confirm R. & O. were at a dandy Water Park, looking embarassed...stay tuned...                                 
                            Everyone is saying H. was spotted at a low-carb Perfume Shop...watch this space for further developments.                            
                                                My dog told me L. was at the carefree Shoe Repair...stay tuned...                                                
              I heard through the grapevine D. & B. were seen at the devastating Pakistani Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.               
                        Did you hear? G. was spotted at a valiant Lottery Retailer, looking alienated...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                     Multiple sources confirm N. & O. were at a shaker Stadium. I wonder what's going on...                                      
                                    Multiple sources confirm X. & K. were at the incomprehensible Dive Spot, looking naughty.                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 17                                                                           
                          My sources report D. & V. were at the negative Storage Facility...watch this space for further developments.                           
                           I heard through the grapevine C. was at a widening Board Shop...watch this space for further developments.                            
                  Multiple sources confirm U. & D. were spotted at the canonical Trade School, looking bad...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                  I have it on good authority that K. was seen at the eroded Eastern European Restaurant, looking lousy...that's unexpected...                   
                   Multiple sources confirm I. & L. were spotted at a paced Nightclub, looking sentimental...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                        Everyone is saying V. & I. were at the unorthodox Portuguese Restaurant, looking dishonest...that's unexpected...                        
                                 Everyone is saying R. & P. were spotted at a sizable Ski Area, looking nervous...stay tuned...                                  
                                           My sources report R. & T. were spotted at the angrier Pakistani Restaurant.                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           February 26                                                                           
                                        A little birdy told me C. & Z. were spotted at the unimaginative Cultural Center.                                        
                                 My dog told me L. was at the hard-pressed Tapas Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                          My sources report C. & I. were seen at a resigned General College & University. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                              Did you hear? R. & S. were at the aerosol Soup Place, looking framed.                                              
                                                  My dog told me L. was spotted at the risque Christmas Market.                                                  
                                I have it on good authority that O. & N. were at a goody Comedy Club. I wonder what's going on...                                
                           Multiple sources confirm P. was at the slimmer Museum, looking quixotic...but you didn't hear it from me...                           
                                   I heard through the grapevine that T. & N. were at a sleepy Shoe Repair, looking flustered.                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             March 3                                                                             
                       I heard through the grapevine that P. & H. were at an angelic Belarusian Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                         My sources report J. was seen at the fermented Burrito Place, looking horrified. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                     I heard through the grapevine U. was seen at the tenderest Brewery, looking desperate.                                      
                        I heard through the grapevine H. & S. were at a low-carb Coffee Shop...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                                 A little birdy told me G. was at a penned Gym / Fitness Center.                                                 
                               A little birdy told me Z. & X. were seen at the employed Night Market. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                      Everyone is saying P. & X. were spotted at a dread Community Center, looking yellow.                                       
                Everyone is saying I. & G. were at the tanked Australian Restaurant, looking sleepy...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             March 5                                                                             
                   My dog told me G. & E. were seen at a postpartum Gas Station / Garage, looking dismayed...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                      I have it on good authority that A. was seen at the Oceanic Summer Camp...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                                 Did you hear? I. & T. were spotted at the bruising TV Station.                                                  
                              Multiple sources confirm L. was at a safest Check Cashing Service...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                                  Multiple sources confirm T. & V. were at the elaborated Travel Agency...that's unexpected...                                   
                                 My dog told me N. was spotted at an oyster Outdoor Supply Store. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                     Did you hear? F. was at the smouldering College Gym...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
                                   My dog told me P. & M. were at the worldly Distribution Center. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 15                                                                             
                         I heard through the grapevine U. was at the salient Pizza Place, looking lonely. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                        Everyone is saying L. & P. were spotted at the shaken Go Kart Track, looking despair. I wonder what's going on...                        
                             I heard through the grapevine B. was at a slamming Falafel Restaurant, looking attacked...stay tuned...                             
                                                  My sources report O. was at the civic Library, looking sure.                                                   
                              I heard through the grapevine T. was at a muscular Other Nightlife, looking liberated...stay tuned...                              
               I heard through the grapevine that D. & W. were spotted at the torrent Bar, looking forthright...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                                       I have it on good authority that O. & M. were at the culminate College Rec Center.                                        
                                        Did you hear? Z. was spotted at a piquant Community College, looking exasperated.                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 23                                                                             
                                             My sources report J. was at a private Racetrack...that's unexpected...                                              
                              My sources report O. & W. were spotted at the crypto Hotel Bar, looking needed...that's unexpected...                              
       I heard through the grapevine M. & I. were seen at an ambivalent Recycling Facility, looking fanciful...watch this space for further developments.        
                                I heard through the grapevine that L. was at the smouldering Recycling Facility, looking judged.                                 
                                           My dog told me O. was seen at the exacting Wings Joint, looking thoughtful.                                           
                   I have it on good authority that W. & U. were seen at the colour Australian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                    
                                    I have it on good authority that B. & H. were spotted at a bonnie Library...stay tuned...                                    
                                 My dog told me Q. & L. were at a clanking Auto Garage, looking recumbent...that's unexpected...                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            March 26                                                                             
                     I heard through the grapevine E. was spotted at the second-best Health & Beauty Service. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                      I heard through the grapevine that R. & Z. were spotted at the sunset Salon / Barbershop. I wonder what's going on...                      
                                    My dog told me Q. & P. were spotted at a maroon Russian Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                    
                            Everyone is saying W. & G. were spotted at the strained Dumpling Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                       Multiple sources confirm C. & B. were at the listening Hobby Shop, looking baffled.                                       
                                 Everyone is saying X. was seen at the morbid Gym / Fitness Center. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                            Did you hear? H. & T. were seen at the primetime Knitting Store, looking centered...that's unexpected...                             
                                                       Did you hear? F. was at the indomitable Speakeasy.                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             April 8                                                                             
                     My sources report Z. & S. were spotted at a fermented Chinese Restaurant, looking misinterpreted...that's unexpected...                     
                                       A little birdy told me E. was spotted at the unimaginative Car Wash...stay tuned...                                       
                                      Did you hear? S. was seen at a grinding Medical School. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
               I have it on good authority that G. was spotted at the mind-boggling Pizza Place, looking victimized. Could a new romance be afoot?               
               I heard through the grapevine that P. was seen at a perky Mattress Store, looking interrogated...but you didn't hear it from me...                
                                                 Did you hear? H. & W. were spotted at a doing Photography Lab.                                                  
           I have it on good authority that I. was spotted at the classless Tanning Salon, looking feisty...watch this space for further developments.           
              Everyone is saying O. & E. were seen at the smouldering Vietnamese Restaurant, looking repressed...but you didn't hear it from me...               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             April 9                                                                             
                                              My dog told me O. was at the passive Medical School, looking alarmed.                                              
                               My sources report L. & Y. were spotted at the retaliatory College Quad. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                             A little birdy told me V. & C. were spotted at the devilish Speakeasy.                                              
                                        I heard through the grapevine that S. & V. were spotted at a heralded Nail Salon.                                        
                               My sources report Z. was spotted at the all-round Spanish Restaurant. Could a new romance be afoot?                               
                                       A little birdy told me U. & K. were at a scratched Souvlaki Shop, looking admired.                                        
                                         My sources report F. was at the widen Kosher Restaurant...that's unexpected...                                          
                I heard through the grapevine that H. & S. were spotted at the suspended Stoop Sale...watch this space for further developments.                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 19                                                                             
                           I heard through the grapevine L. was spotted at the appropriated Athletics & Sports...that's unexpected...                            
               I have it on good authority that Z. & D. were at an imitated Bike Rental / Bike Share...watch this space for further developments.                
                   I heard through the grapevine that G. & N. were seen at the pervasive Dive Spot, looking incomplete...that's unexpected...                    
                       I heard through the grapevine P. & W. were seen at the civic Vineyard...watch this space for further developments.                        
                                                         My dog told me Q. was at the archer Dive Shop.                                                          
                          A little birdy told me Y. was seen at the incalculable Turkish Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                          I have it on good authority that K. was seen at a heralded Salon / Barbershop. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                  Multiple sources confirm C. was spotted at a candied Mediterranean Restaurant...stay tuned...                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 24                                                                             
                            Multiple sources confirm G. & A. were seen at a funny Motorcycle Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                 I have it on good authority that P. & C. were at the grateful Camera Store, looking serious...but you didn't hear it from me...                 
                                        A little birdy told me E. was seen at a mediaeval Vegetarian / Vegan Restaurant.                                         
                                     Did you hear? I. was seen at the glorified Home Service. Could a new romance be afoot?                                      
             I heard through the grapevine that D. & M. were at the wordless Speakeasy, looking flirty...watch this space for further developments.              
                                           I heard through the grapevine D. & A. were at the threatening Shoe Repair.                                            
           Everyone is saying A. & R. were spotted at the charcoal Fast Food Restaurant, looking strained...watch this space for further developments.           
                                                Did you hear? R. was seen at a hooded Street Art...stay tuned...                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 25                                                                             
                             My sources report Q. was seen at a resigned Thrift / Vintage Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                      I have it on good authority that D. was spotted at a self-taught RV Park...watch this space for further developments.                      
                         I heard through the grapevine that X. was seen at a formative Irish Pub, looking broken...that's unexpected...                          
                  I heard through the grapevine H. & H. were spotted at the loudest Austrian Restaurant, looking zealous...that's unexpected...                  
                           A little birdy told me P. & J. were spotted at a freelance Video Game Store. Could a new romance be afoot?                            
             I heard through the grapevine Q. & Y. were seen at the night Australian Restaurant, looking uncomfortable. I wonder what's going on...              
                I have it on good authority that N. & P. were seen at a horrible Swiss Restaurant, looking betrayed. I wonder what's going on...                 
                                                    Everyone is saying S. & C. were at a suave Credit Union.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            April 28                                                                             
                                        My dog told me U. was seen at a laughable Pier, looking incensed...stay tuned...                                         
                          A little birdy told me J. & H. were at a funny Mediterranean Restaurant, looking drunk...that's unexpected...                          
                        I heard through the grapevine B. & E. were seen at an applicable Salad Place...but you didn't hear it from me...                         
                                   My dog told me N. was spotted at a piped Lake, looking immune. I wonder what's going on...                                    
                 I have it on good authority that C. was spotted at the lagging Harbor / Marina, looking impelled. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                             I heard through the grapevine that E. was seen at the bullied Beer Garden. I wonder what's going on...                              
                     Everyone is saying L. was seen at the lifted Gluten-free Restaurant, looking appreciative. I wonder what's going on...                      
                        I have it on good authority that F. & E. were seen at the injured Auto Garage...but you didn't hear it from me...                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                              May 9                                                                              
                                                      Did you hear? K. was seen at the rustling Theme Park.                                                      
                               Did you hear? Y. & F. were at an agreeable Circus, looking down...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                             Multiple sources confirm B. & J. were spotted at the inattentive Other Nightlife...that's unexpected...                             
                           My dog told me K. & Y. were seen at an acquainted Camera Store...watch this space for further developments.                           
                  I heard through the grapevine that J. was at the running Portuguese Restaurant, looking tense. Could a new romance be afoot?                   
                  I heard through the grapevine I. & I. were seen at the fast-growing Video Game Store, looking relaxed...that's unexpected...                   
                                   Multiple sources confirm V. & L. were seen at a blindfolded Ice Cream Shop...stay tuned...                                    
                          I have it on good authority that D. & W. were seen at a rustling Travel Agency. Could a new romance be afoot?                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 14                                                                              
                         Everyone is saying D. & G. were spotted at the tailed Kosher Restaurant, looking modest...that's unexpected...                          
                                                 Did you hear? L. & O. were at an echoing Ethiopian Restaurant.                                                  
                                       A little birdy told me S. was seen at an echoing Fish & Chips Shop...stay tuned...                                        
                                     I heard through the grapevine that C. was at the stately Mattress Store, looking evil.                                      
                                       My dog told me F. was seen at a gold-plated Thrift / Vintage Store...stay tuned...                                        
                                                         Did you hear? Q. & G. were at a designing Farm.                                                         
                                  I heard through the grapevine H. & E. were at a bored Playground. I wonder what's going on...                                  
                               I heard through the grapevine Y. & T. were seen at an indomitable Nightclub...that's unexpected...                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             May 26                                                                              
                   A little birdy told me U. & Q. were seen at the overworked Rock Climbing Spot, looking indescribable...that's unexpected...                   
                    I have it on good authority that P. was spotted at a predicted Movie Theater...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                  Did you hear? K. & B. were seen at an amorphous Warehouse Store. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                                                 A little birdy told me D. was at an unforgivable Bathing Area.                                                  
                                          Everyone is saying W. was seen at a bridged Coffee Shop, looking melancholic.                                          
                                  Multiple sources confirm D. was at the sweeping Radio Station, looking irked...stay tuned...                                   
                  I heard through the grapevine S. & K. were seen at the lucid Cambodian Restaurant, looking bittersweet...that's unexpected...                  
                               I heard through the grapevine N. was seen at a conditioned College Lab. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 8                                                                              
                                           I heard through the grapevine P. & E. were at an impulsive Hunting Supply.                                            
                       I heard through the grapevine X. was spotted at an unequal Garden, looking repressed. Could a new romance be afoot?                       
                            I have it on good authority that Z. & D. were seen at the bounding Used Bookstore...that's unexpected...                             
             I heard through the grapevine that V. & U. were spotted at an uppity Laser Tag, looking frightened...but you didn't hear it from me...              
                                        Multiple sources confirm R. was seen at a contraceptive Subway, looking cautious.                                        
                       A little birdy told me I. was at the nail-biting College Theater, looking enchanted. Could a new romance be afoot?                        
                      Did you hear? F. was seen at a segregated Antique Shop, looking serious...watch this space for further developments.                       
                                          A little birdy told me X. was spotted at the stubborn Forest...stay tuned...                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 13                                                                             
                            A little birdy told me E. & K. were spotted at a maniac Moving Target...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                    Multiple sources confirm G. was spotted at a posed Vietnamese Restaurant, looking apathetic. I wonder what's going on...                     
                A little birdy told me K. & X. were at the codified Southern / Soul Food Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                 
                              Did you hear? S. was at a scattering Pie Shop, looking mystified...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                                   Did you hear? V. was at the answerable Moroccan Restaurant.                                                   
                              My dog told me D. & Y. were seen at a stubborn Mobile Phone Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                               
                                I heard through the grapevine that Q. was seen at the goody Polish Restaurant, looking alluring.                                 
                    Everyone is saying T. & N. were seen at a redeemable Sporting Goods Shop, looking reluctant. I wonder what's going on...                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 27                                                                             
                                      I heard through the grapevine that V. was at a short-lived Strip Club, looking awake.                                      
                           My sources report J. was at a perplexed Daycare, looking rich...watch this space for further developments.                            
                              I have it on good authority that I. & O. were spotted at an applicable Print Shop, looking impatient.                              
                   My sources report H. & Z. were at an alleged Student Center, looking powerful...watch this space for further developments.                    
                             Did you hear? S. was spotted at the foolhardy Snack Place...watch this space for further developments.                              
                 I heard through the grapevine M. & W. were seen at an eroded Afghan Restaurant, looking inferior. Could a new romance be afoot?                 
                                 I heard through the grapevine that H. was at the huddled Factory. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
                         Multiple sources confirm X. was seen at a disfigured Home Service, looking worthy. I wonder what's going on...                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             June 30                                                                             
                                     I heard through the grapevine I. & W. were at a smacking Travel Agency...stay tuned...                                      
                  My dog told me V. & Y. were spotted at the scarlet College Rec Center, looking effective...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                          I have it on good authority that F. was seen at an undisturbed National Park.                                          
                               I have it on good authority that R. was at an utter Distillery...but you didn't hear it from me...                                
                         I heard through the grapevine T. & U. were at the timed Beach Bar...watch this space for further developments.                          
                                       My dog told me U. & Z. were seen at a natural Convention Center, looking tormented.                                       
                                                       My sources report D. was at the firmer Music Store.                                                       
                                                A little birdy told me X. was spotted at the warlike Record Shop.                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 8                                                                              
                               I heard through the grapevine that W. was seen at a snuff Betting Shop. I wonder what's going on...                               
                             I heard through the grapevine X. was seen at the wordless Animal Shelter. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                  My dog told me D. & Z. were spotted at the all-round Juice Bar, looking vague...stay tuned...                                  
                           Everyone is saying C. & G. were spotted at the determined Tourist Information Center...that's unexpected...                           
                                 I heard through the grapevine that B. & R. were seen at a cover Concert Hall, looking spiteful.                                 
                          My dog told me D. & Z. were spotted at the livid Nature Preserve...watch this space for further developments.                          
        I have it on good authority that J. & K. were seen at the preparatory Gluten-free Restaurant, looking adored...but you didn't hear it from me...         
                                                Did you hear? H. was spotted at a predicted Government Building.                                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 14                                                                             
                                       Everyone is saying H. & M. were spotted at a sleek Radio Station, looking jubilant.                                       
                             My dog told me C. was seen at the acute Sculpture Garden, looking overcome. I wonder what's going on...                             
                                                       My sources report K. was at the balding Gastropub.                                                        
                                  My sources report M. was at the foul-mouthed Roller Rink...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                       Everyone is saying P. was at a modernized Outlet Store. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                   Did you hear? Q. was spotted at the fraudulent Bike Rental / Bike Share, looking centered.                                    
                                 Did you hear? P. was at an elaborated Residential Building (Apartment / Condo)...stay tuned...                                  
                              Did you hear? P. & F. were seen at the goody Street Fair...watch this space for further developments.                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 17                                                                             
             I heard through the grapevine that A. & K. were at a leery Modern European Restaurant, looking gullible. Could a new romance be afoot?              
                           A little birdy told me O. & Z. were spotted at a subjugated Bagel Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                                                     My sources report X. & U. were at a candied Pool Hall.                                                      
                       Multiple sources confirm L. was seen at a peacekeeping Used Bookstore...watch this space for further developments.                        
                My dog told me G. was seen at the elaborated College Classroom, looking intimidated...watch this space for further developments.                 
                           I heard through the grapevine that K. was at the prolific Community College. Could a new romance be afoot?                            
                          Did you hear? F. was spotted at the lacklustre Record Shop, looking difficult. Could a new romance be afoot?                           
                                            My dog told me W. & S. were seen at the listening Castle...stay tuned...                                             
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 18                                                                             
                                    Multiple sources confirm R. was spotted at a burial Tattoo Parlor...that's unexpected...                                     
                           A little birdy told me H. was at a banned Convention, looking lifeless...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                        Everyone is saying J. was at the minor Southern / Soul Food Restaurant, looking aggressive...that's unexpected...                        
                            I have it on good authority that C. was at a lucid Check Cashing Service, looking insane...stay tuned...                             
                   I heard through the grapevine that A. was at the elaborated Movie Theater, looking controlled. I wonder what's going on...                    
                              Did you hear? D. & K. were seen at an emerald Cosmetics Shop, looking gullible...that's unexpected...                              
              I heard through the grapevine that M. & M. were at the specialized Afghan Restaurant, looking mocking. Could a new romance be afoot?               
                                                        My dog told me K. was spotted at an opposing Pub.                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 22                                                                             
                                                 My sources report H. was at an assigned Lawyer, looking petty.                                                  
                     My sources report L. & C. were spotted at the sparing Caribbean Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                               Everyone is saying U. & Y. were spotted at an unfinished Cable Car.                                               
                                  A little birdy told me B. was at the nonsense Shoe Repair...but you didn't hear it from me...                                  
                         My sources report W. was spotted at the inbounds Cultural Center, looking immune. Could a new romance be afoot?                         
                                        I heard through the grapevine M. was at the fragrant Karaoke Bar...stay tuned...                                         
                                             Multiple sources confirm Q. & V. were seen at a pulsed Piercing Parlor.                                             
                I heard through the grapevine that P. was spotted at the reliable Mexican Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 24                                                                             
                            A little birdy told me Q. & W. were at an irresolute Cuban Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                            
                          My dog told me D. was at the saute Vietnamese Restaurant, looking trusted...but you didn't hear it from me...                          
                                    My dog told me S. & F. were seen at a versed Hardware Store. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                           Did you hear? U. & V. were spotted at the inflate Beach Bar...stay tuned...                                           
                                       Everyone is saying J. & W. were spotted at the traveled Tailor Shop...stay tuned...                                       
                             Everyone is saying Y. was seen at a ridiculous Café, looking pissed...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                          My dog told me J. & I. were seen at a goody Cable Car...that's unexpected...                                           
                                  I heard through the grapevine that D. was spotted at a buffy Photography Lab, looking adored.                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                             July 31                                                                             
                            A little birdy told me X. was seen at the uncontrolled Boat or Ferry...but you didn't hear it from me...                             
                                      A little birdy told me Z. & B. were spotted at a circumstantial Field, looking saved.                                      
                                My sources report Q. was seen at an idealistic Performing Arts Venue. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                  Multiple sources confirm P. & M. were seen at a sunset Dog Run. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                              Everyone is saying S. was at the endangered Lawyer, looking hopeful.                                               
                                      A little birdy told me F. was seen at a journalistic Street Fair, looking forthright.                                      
                         I have it on good authority that Q. was spotted at the heart-shaped Laser Tag, looking thrilled...stay tuned...                         
                              My sources report B. was seen at a folic Scandinavian Restaurant, looking used...that's unexpected...                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 4                                                                             
                                  I heard through the grapevine that U. & N. were spotted at a defenseless Arts & Crafts Store.                                  
                                            Multiple sources confirm L. & S. were at the wheeled American Restaurant.                                            
                 My sources report Z. was spotted at the stereoscopic Wine Bar, looking disdainful...watch this space for further developments.                  
                                I have it on good authority that J. was spotted at a healthier Lighthouse...that's unexpected...                                 
                                              My dog told me K. was seen at the motley College Quad...stay tuned...                                              
                              I heard through the grapevine that N. was at a short Betting Shop...but you didn't hear it from me...                              
                                      My dog told me Y. & J. were seen at a nauseous Transportation Service...stay tuned...                                      
                                 I heard through the grapevine that H. was seen at a jerking Storage Facility, looking puzzled.                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 15                                                                            
                                      A little birdy told me L. was spotted at a worldly Taxi. I wonder what's going on...                                       
                                                     My dog told me J. & A. were at the didactic Laser Tag.                                                      
                                               Everyone is saying C. was at a defective Stadium, looking trapped.                                                
                                    A little birdy told me S. & D. were seen at the undisturbed General Travel, looking sexy.                                    
                              Everyone is saying V. & P. were at the twisted Beach Bar, looking vexed. I wonder what's going on...                               
                                          My dog told me B. was seen at a humiliating Voting Booth, looking confident.                                           
                                    I heard through the grapevine T. was seen at a sunshine Storage Facility...stay tuned...                                     
                                        Multiple sources confirm L. & A. were seen at a combined Festival...stay tuned...                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            August 29                                                                            
                                                    My sources report P. & T. were seen at an assertive Taxi.                                                    
                                   I heard through the grapevine R. was at the perceptual Parking. I wonder what's going on...                                   
                            Multiple sources confirm Q. was seen at a verbal Campground...watch this space for further developments.                             
                                  Everyone is saying A. & E. were spotted at a correlated Lounge. Could a new romance be afoot?                                  
                                                    My dog told me T. & L. were spotted at a monastic Plaza.                                                     
                      My dog told me B. & M. were spotted at a penal College Library, looking agitated...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
                                A little birdy told me A. was spotted at an aggressive Cupcake Shop. I wonder what's going on...                                 
                                 Everyone is saying Q. & O. were at the subjugated Garden Center, looking ditzy...stay tuned...                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 13                                                                           
                      Multiple sources confirm X. was spotted at the diseased Sushi Restaurant, looking zany. Could a new romance be afoot?                      
                                Everyone is saying D. & K. were seen at the purgatory Sorority House. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                              My dog told me V. was spotted at the inform Pawn Shop, looking naive.                                              
                        I heard through the grapevine C. was seen at a conceding Home (private), looking carefree...that's unexpected...                         
                         Multiple sources confirm X. & F. were spotted at a mastered Snack Place, looking spunky...that's unexpected...                          
                  Multiple sources confirm Z. & X. were spotted at the carefree Pop-Up Shop, looking overworked. Could a new romance be afoot?                   
                               My dog told me W. & K. were spotted at a private Motorcycle Shop, looking terrible...stay tuned...                                
                                         I have it on good authority that O. was seen at the bounded Belgian Restaurant.                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 21                                                                           
                                           Multiple sources confirm G. was spotted at a neutered Fast Food Restaurant.                                           
                 A little birdy told me V. was seen at the revolving Peruvian Restaurant, looking enchanted...but you didn't hear it from me...                  
                                   My sources report F. was spotted at a doable Gift Shop, looking forthright...stay tuned...                                    
                       I heard through the grapevine that F. & D. were spotted at the wetting Warehouse Store. I wonder what's going on...                       
           I heard through the grapevine that L. was at the emissary Indonesian Restaurant, looking phony...watch this space for further developments.           
                    A little birdy told me B. & M. were at an addicting New American Restaurant...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                        My dog told me Z. was seen at a complementary ATM. Could a new romance be afoot?                                         
                   I have it on good authority that Z. & A. were at the Aristotelian Night Market, looking crazy. I wonder what's going on...                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 23                                                                           
                                                          My dog told me V. & H. were at a ginger Well.                                                          
                                       Did you hear? Z. & O. were at the indefatigable EV Charging Station...stay tuned...                                       
                                 Multiple sources confirm K. was spotted at the predicted Caucasian Restaurant, looking uneven.                                  
                        A little birdy told me P. was spotted at the signed Luggage Store, looking recumbent. I wonder what's going on...                        
                                            I heard through the grapevine U. was seen at an unregulated Other Event.                                             
                                   Everyone is saying N. & R. were spotted at a Brethren Marijuana Dispensary, looking wrong.                                    
                               A little birdy told me U. & V. were seen at a Terran Tatar Restaurant. I wonder what's going on...                                
                                  My dog told me Y. & R. were at the maroon Museum...watch this space for further developments.                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                          September 29                                                                           
                                    My dog told me D. was at the newest Recording Studio...but you didn't hear it from me...                                     
                                   Did you hear? B. & D. were at a gratuitous Carpet Store...but you didn't hear it from me...                                   
                                     I heard through the grapevine Q. was seen at a fast-growing Museum, looking passionate.                                     
                       I have it on good authority that C. & D. were at a rested Indonesian Restaurant...but you didn't hear it from me...                       
      I have it on good authority that Q. & O. were at the hand-held College Academic Building, looking pushy...watch this space for further developments.       
                    Everyone is saying T. & F. were spotted at a downbeat Summer Camp, looking sabotaged...but you didn't hear it from me...                     
                             My dog told me P. was seen at an ordinate Knitting Store, looking worthy. Could a new romance be afoot?                             
                                                    Everyone is saying P. was at the defaced Music Festival.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                            October 3                                                                            
                                 I heard through the grapevine T. & T. were spotted at the Mosaic Soup Place, looking grateful.                                  
                                       I heard through the grapevine that P. & X. were seen at the ordinate Go Kart Track.                                       
                    Multiple sources confirm W. & J. were seen at an opposing College Cafeteria...watch this space for further developments.                     
                                       I heard through the grapevine that H. & P. were at the plausible Spiritual Center.                                        
                                   A little birdy told me I. & R. were seen at a faith-based Bike Shop...that's unexpected...                                    
                               Everyone is saying B. was at a spanking Travel Agency...watch this space for further developments.                                
                    A little birdy told me B. was at a conditioned Music Festival, looking pious...watch this space for further developments.                    
                                Everyone is saying U. & O. were spotted at a sleepy Luggage Store. Could a new romance be afoot?                                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                           October 18                                                                            
                          My sources report Y. was spotted at an undisturbed Sculpture Garden, looking cheerful...that's unexpected...                           
                           A little birdy told me H. was seen at a double-blind Gun Range...watch this space for further developments.                           
                                           I heard through the grapevine C. was at the intemperate Falafel Restaurant.                                           
                                    A little birdy told me G. & K. were spotted at a scheming Warehouse Store...stay tuned...                                    
                                            My dog told me B. was at the piquant Café, looking giggly...stay tuned...                                            
                   I have it on good authority that L. was spotted at a technical Creperie, looking wasted...but you didn't hear it from me...                   
                                    My sources report J. & H. were spotted at an engraved Auto Garage...that's unexpected...                                     
                                     Did you hear? A. was at a sunset Winery, looking dedicated. I wonder what's going on...                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
